
Tang Wen: This, this taste... A crisp texture, a rich fragrance, and flavor mixed with a hint of spice...

Tang Wen: This, this taste... A mellow aftertaste, a rich fragrance, and flavor mixed with a hint of savory notes...

Tang Wen: This, this taste... Although it's just a simple Grilled Tiger Fish, it's crispy outside, tender inside, and has a rich fragrance and flavor mixed with a lingering sweet aftertaste...
 Hmm... The Delicious Bamboo Shoot Soup it shall be!
 Hmm... The Delicious Grilled Tiger Fish it shall be!
 Hmm... The Delicious Jueyun Guoba it shall be!
 I don't think that's the story behind Tiger Fish...
 Is that dish so powerful...
 Paimon, you sure know a lot about eating...
 Quest DescriptionTang Wen seems to have lost her appetite after eating something strange...
 What do you think, Paimon?
 What happened?
Li Xiao: But in my opinion, it doesn't have to be a particularly expensive dish. As long as the taste and flavor is unique, and it packs a punch, that should be enough...
Li Xiao: I suggest Jueyun Guoba! It has both a unique crunchy texture and a strong spicy flavor...
Li Xiao: I think if it's Jueyun Guoba, no matter what the problem is, it will be solved.
Li Xiao: It's been more than ten years since I first tasted Jueyun Guoba at Qingce Village, and I still think about it from time to time...
Li Xiao: Loss of appetite... A strange taste in your mouth... Needs a special delicacy to salvage this situation?
Li Xiao: She actually met with such a difficulty... That's really quite tricky.
Li Xiao: What's the matter? Ah... Miss Tang Wen.
Paimon: Dish with a unique flavor? Why don't we go around and ask others if they know of such a dish?
Paimon: Grilled Tiger Fish sounds very courageous. If Miss Tang Wen eats this courage, her troubles will be solved, right?
Paimon: Huh? You're asking Paimon?
Paimon: If that's the case... If Paimon were to choose...
Paimon: Miss Tang Wen, look what we brought back for you?
Paimon: Oh no, we got different answers. Both Jueyun Guoba and Bamboo Shoot Soup are special dishes.
Paimon: Oops, that's why Paimon should let you decide.
Paimon: Paimon will choose Grilled Tiger Fish!
Paimon: Then we can make one for Miss Tang Wen... Maybe that will solve her problem!
Paimon: What should we do? Paimon's so torn!
Paimon: Woohoo! Let's quickly make this dish and bring it to Miss Tang Wen!
Qiuyue: A strange taste in your mouth, loss of appetite, don't really want to eat anything?
Qiuyue: Believe me, all Tang Wen needs right now is Bamboo Shoot Soup!
Qiuyue: Forget it, since there is no way to judge, there is only one dish that I can recommend, and that is — Bamboo Shoot Soup!
Qiuyue: Is it really because she ate something strange? You're not mistaken, right?
Qiuyue: The taste is savory, the meat is tender, and the flavor refreshing and appetizing. Most importantly, the soup can help in food digestion. Mmm! I wish I could have some right now.
Qiuyue: What is it? Hmm... Miss Tang Wen?
Qiuyue: Why does it sound more like she's just bloated? Hmm, let me think...
Tang Wen: *sigh* I think...only a dish with a unique flavor can wash away that interesting taste...
Tang Wen: Ah... I'm so hungry... I don't feel good...
Tang Wen: Although that dish was... quite special, but it at least filled my stomach.
Tang Wen: Every time I'm about to fall asleep, the interesting smell of that dish suddenly came back up from the pit of my stomach! It instantly woke me up.
Tang Wen: Hmm? What a unique aroma...
Tang Wen: I can't wait, please let me try it!
Tang Wen: I forgot what book I read this from, but it said that "People are what they eat." So now that I've eaten something weird, I must've became someone strange...
Tang Wen: I remember... Li Xiao, a merchant of Ritou, is very knowledgeable about food, and Qiuyue of the Chuyu Trading Company, she can also be considered as an amateur gourmet!
Tang Wen: I then wanted to have a good night's sleep and work well today, but...
Tang Wen: I-I'm not sure... I just feel quite sluggish.
Tang Wen: It was probably last night, when I brought home and ate that gourmet meal you made.
Tang Wen: It's not a big deal if it's just having less sleep. I occasionally have to work overtime in the past...
Tang Wen: It's so delicious! I never thought I would be able to taste such a delicacy in a foreign city...
Tang Wen: Oh, y'all are back.
Tang Wen: Really? That's great, thank you so much! If-if it's convenient, please head to Ritou and ask...
Tang Wen: Thank you so much, here's something for you. Please, you must take it.
Tang Wen: The main point is what happened today! I thought I would be fine after I got up and ate something, but I didn't expect that even when I ate something, the taste of yesterday's dish still lingers in my mouth...
Tang Wen: The strange taste in my mouth has been washed away.
Tang Wen: This cycle then continued, and I lay half-asleep until the sun came up...
Tang Wen: This, this taste... A crisp texture, a rich fragrance, and flavor mixed with a hint of spice...
Tang Wen: This, this taste... A mellow aftertaste, a rich fragrance, and flavor mixed with a hint of savory notes...
Tang Wen: This, this taste... Although it's just a simple Grilled Tiger Fish, it's crispy outside, tender inside, and has a rich fragrance and flavor mixed with a lingering sweet aftertaste...