 But you are the Shirasagi Himegimi.
 He is my friend, too. I will save him.
 Quest DescriptionKomore Teahouse is empty, silent as the grave but for Taroumaru's uneasy barking. You have a bad feeling about this...
 Stay calm.
 You said it yourself. No time to delay.
Cutscene's Travel Log summary:
Before all the people, the Vison Hunt Ceremony is about to begin. Thoma, his hands bound on the executioner's block, awaits the Raiden Shogun's arrival to claim his Vision, which shall be inlaid upon the Statue of the Omnipresent God. But just as his Vision is about to depart from him and fly into the Shogun's hand, you intercept it mid-flight, unable to watch this tragedy play out before your eyes. Witnessing your impertinent actions, the Raiden Shogun seems spurred to take action herself. In a flash of light and shadow, all others disappear, and you have been caught in a lonesome, ancient space. The Electro Archon, one of the Seven, raises her sword towards you...
(Paimon and the Traveler approach the crowd to see Thoma kneeling on the ground guarded by two Shogunate officers)
(Raiden uses Electro powers and Thoma's Vision sparks with electricity and detaches from his waist)
(His Vision flies through the air towards Raiden, but is intercepted by the Traveler)
(The officers charge at the Traveler, but the Traveler swiftly takes them down and tries to cut Thoma's restraints)
(Raiden descends on a staircase of Electro platforms)
Cutscene's Travel Log summary:
The Electro Archon's might is too great, and it takes but a single slip for her to knock you unconscious. The Raiden Shogun prepares to make an example of you before the crowd, but at that moment, Thoma shakes free of his bonds and hurls a spear at the Shogun, picking you up and fleeing the scene as she splits her attention to block the blow. The Shogun watches coldly as you flee, and chooses not to give chase, instead giving orders for your arrest...
(The Traveler runs in to attack Raiden, but is struck down by lightning)
(The area dissolves away to reveal the city again)
Media:vo dialog dqaq009 ayaka 01.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Please be careful...
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 01.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Hello, have either of you seen Thoma?
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 02.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Then it as I feared... On the way here, I heard that Thoma had been taken away by the Tenryou Commission.
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 03.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: I wasn't certain whether it was true, so I came right here. The fact that he hasn't arrived here as we arranged suggests that it is true.
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 04.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: The Raiden Shogun is holding a Vision Hunt Ceremony at the Statue of the Omnipresent God today, to mark the 100th Vision seized under the decree.
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 05.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: And the 100th Vision bearer in question... the one who will have their Vision seized, I fear... is Thoma.
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 06.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: ...I believe so. The shogun and the Tenryou Commission see the ceremony as a milestone. With the 100th Vision, they wish to mark the success of the Vision Hunt Decree to date.
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 07.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: ...This cannot happen. I must go and rescue him!
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 08.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: There is no other option... I must act with haste — the ceremony is about to begin. I will not abandon Thoma like this.
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 09.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: He is my friend! To think that not long ago, we were... all eating hotpot together...
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 10.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: But...
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 11.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: ...
Media:vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 12.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: ...Okay, I'll... wait here for your return. Get back safely.
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Inazuma's not such a bad place, Paimon's having a pretty good time! But... we should probably go and see about the "next operation" that Thoma and Ayaka were talking about, right?
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: As usual, it's the first stop, Komore Teahouse. Are you ready to head over?
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: How strange... It's never this quiet here.
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Thoma's playing his ventriloquist game again, huh?
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Thoma... Thoma...
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Hey, you can come out now... Paimon's seen you already...
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Huh, not a peep... Ugh, so where the heck is he, then?
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Huh? What's got Taroumaru so worked up today? He's always such a good boy...
(Ayaka comes running in)
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: No, we thought he'd be with you! Why, has something happened?
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Hold up a second... So the ceremony that Thoma said the Tenryou Commission was busy preparing for... that was this Vision Hunt Ceremony? And he was the target all along?
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Yeah! Like it or not, you represent the whole Yashiro Commission. So if you go and pull a stunt like that, you're basically declaring you and the Raiden Shogun are enemies now, right?
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: And by doing it so publicly, you might be implicating a lot of other people from the Yashiro Commission, too...
Media:vo dqaq009 1 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: Don't worry, Ayaka. A friend's life is on the line — we ain't about to mess this up!
Media:vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 01.ogg Taroumaru: Woof, woof... woof!
Media:vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 02.ogg Taroumaru: Woof! Woof! ...Woof!
Media:vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 03.ogg Taroumaru: Woof, woof, woof! Woof!
Media:vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 04.ogg Taroumaru: Woof, woof! Woof!
Media:vo monster raidenshogun pole battle 01.ogg Raiden Shogun: You are that which is furthest from Eternity. Exceptional.
Media:vo monster raidenshogun pole battle 02.ogg Raiden Shogun: There is much to verify about you.
Paimon: Wake up, wake up!
(Thoma tries to cut through the rope around his hands on a nearby polearm)
(Paimon shakes the Traveler in an attempt to wake them up)
(Raiden walks up to the Traveler and raises her sword to strike the unconscious Traveler, when Thoma manages to free himself and throws the polearm at her, forcing her to block)
(Raiden deflects the attack, sending the Traveler and Paimon back)
(Thoma catches the Traveler and picks them up and together escape across a gorge)
Raiden Shogun: Capable of using elemental energy without a Vision...
Raiden Shogun: Exceptions... the enemy of Eternity
(The Traveler prepares to fight as Raiden draws a sword from her chest)
Raiden Shogun: Next time, I will strike twice
Raiden Shogun: Seize (him/her) under the decree
Raiden Shogun: You are an exception, it appears
Raiden Shogun: You will be inlaid upon this statue
(Raiden slashes the air in front of her causing darkness to engulf the Traveler)
(A gravel floor materializes underneath the Traveler and torii raise from the ground)
Soldier: Sh—Shogun... Who... was that?
The Vision Hunt Decree is in force. Except for the Traveler, characters cannot use Elemental Skills or Bursts...
The moment of judgment has arrived. Divine punishment will be administered...