 "Nephew"?
Futaba: My dad's grandson. I'm my father's daughter, so he's my nephew.
 "She"?
Hanachirusato: ...
 ...Oh boy.
 A dark secret?
Paimon: That's right!
 About Konda Village...
Hanachirusato: Konda Village has a long history. In the distant past, its people were once charged with the duty of guarding a certain barrier.
Hanachirusato: But too many things have been lost to time, and this barrier has now become something that must be removed.
 About the barrier...
Hanachirusato: There is a barrier under Konda Village. For the sake of Narukami Island, we must lift it.
Hanachirusato: However, the path to the barrier is shrouded in Konda Village's secrets.
Hanachirusato: I believe that you will see through the mystery of the villagers' words and reach the place appointed by destiny, just as you did with the ward...
 About the lock on the well...
 Allow me to help.
 Any other unusual things going on?
 Anything else out of the ordinary?
 Anything out of the ordinary.
 Are you reporting us to the authorities?
Hanachirusato: The authorities? Who do you mean?
Paimon: You know, the people in charge of the whole Konda Village thing.
Hanachirusato: Are you referring to the matter that the people of Konda Village have hidden away?
 Calm down a little...
 Downstream of the gully.
Konda Densuke: ...
 Find out what?
Paimon: Hehehe, the secret that the people of Konda Village are trying to hide!
 Goodbye.
 Grandpa Densuke's secret...
 Have you encountered anything strange lately?
 Have you noticed anything strange lately?
 He did that to cover up the truth.
 How will we meet up, then?
 I just want to know the truth...
Paimon: Yeah, we didn't come here to report you!
Konda Densuke: The truth? Hehe... You young people these days are so interesting.
 I see. He is the village chief's grandson.
Futaba: That's right. Takeru likes high places, so maybe he's seen something from there...
 I see. I'll get a move on, then.
 I see. I'll help.
 I see. Thank you.
 I want to go up the mountain.
 I'll say hi to her when I see her...
 I'm looking for a place to rest.
 I'm not interested in reporting you.
Paimon: Yeah, that's not why we came here!
Konda Densuke: Oh, thank goodness! Thank goodness...
 I'm thinking that there shouldn't be a coin pouch here.
 Investigation?
Hanachirusato: Yes. It may take some time and trouble, but I'm sure that you will reveal the truth in the end.
Paimon: Well, that sounds like a lot of work. Will there be payment?
 Like something that is hard to explain.
 Now then, please draw the marking that was on it.
 Ooh.
 Paimon's nose is better than a dog's...
Paimon: How rude! Paimon was just saying the obvious.
 Please tell me how much Mora there was inside.
Konda Densuke: Hahaha, what kind of question is that?
Konda Densuke: There's no way you would know how much Mora was in there without opening it up either, right?
 Now then, please draw the marking that was on it.
 Quest DescriptionA mysterious, masked shrine maiden is by the strange fox statue, seemingly with something she means to ask of you...
 Really?
 So, about the punks you mentioned earlier...
 Someone discarded this coin pouch intentionally.
 Someone is hiding something.
 Something's off here.
 Step DescriptionA lot of suspicious evidence has already been collected. It's time to confront Chief Densuke.
 Step DescriptionAccording to the village chief Densuke, he threw the notebook recording the events back then onto the roof. With any luck, the elements have yet to utterly destroy it.
 Step DescriptionSearch for a secret hidden in Konda Village. The locals may be willing to say a thing or two.
 Step DescriptionThe key to descending the well is "within the wrecked house opposite the canal east of the village." [sic] You're getting closer to the heart of this mystery.
 Step DescriptionThe village chief, Densuke, not only refuses to say anything, but also seems eager to show that all is well in Konda village — very suspicious. Find some evidence to break through his defenses.
 Step DescriptionThis space is much larger than first meets the eye. It looks like a good place to store some treasure, so you may as well take your time searching.
 Step DescriptionUnusual incidents have come to your attention at the entrance to Konda Village: a destroyed cart, discarded goods, and pouches full of Mora. Collect all the evidence necessary to confront the village chief, Densuke.
 Step DescriptionYou have obtained the key to descend the well. Since this is Hanachirusato's wish, find out what lies beneath in the greatest depths of Konda Village.
 Strange sound?
 Tell him something weird...
 That is indeed strange.
 The villagers have told us everything...
 This was found at the dry well in your backyard.
 This was intentionally left behind on a rainy night...
 We found it on the tree branches at the entrance to the village.
Konda Densuke: How could that be... You'll get nowhere, testing me like that.
 We found the evidence.
 We found this near the remains of a cart...
 Well done, Paimon.
 Were there any other clues?
 What about your physical condition...
Hanachirusato: Do not fret... Our priority is the cleansing.
 I see. I'll help.
 What's going on?
 What's on your mind?
 Who are you...
Hanachirusato: I...
Hanachirusato: As you can see, I am simply a shrine maiden who wishes to cleanse evil with your aid.
 Why are you here...
Hanachirusato: I was quite concerned as to your actions, and as to whether you could heal the roots or not, so I have been observing you a little. If I have offended you, please forgive me.
 Will there be a reward for that?
 Yikes!
 You are...?
 You must be overthinking things, Paimon.
Paimon: (That can't be right! (Traveler), was Grandpa Densuke really just after the Mora?)
Paimon: (He must be hiding something else, right?)
 Someone discarded this coin pouch intentionally.
 You're hiding something else.
 Your dad?
???: Excuse me, busy Traveler, but I have a favor to ask.
???: I was right. You are the "Destined One."
???: Please, look at the Sky Kitsune Statue over there.
???: There is a ward within it that they say can only be removed by someone who has courage, values friendship, and who is favored by the might of Electro.
???: With your skills and experience... Mm, this shouldn't be a problem.
Futaba: *sigh* Why isn't Takeru here yet? We were supposed to hang out today.
Futaba: Actually, I was adopted. He adopted me, so now I'm his daughter.
Futaba: Are you looking for those bags, big (bro/sis)? If you follow the gully, you might find them!
Futaba: Did he go up to the roof again...?
Futaba: Hehe. Glad that I could help!
Futaba: Hello, strange big (bro/sis)! What's up?
Futaba: Hmm... Hmm...
Futaba: I know!
Futaba: I know, right?
Futaba: I left them alone because I didn't know who had put them there...
Futaba: Konda Densuke, the chief of Konda Village.
Futaba: My dad's grandson. I'm my father's daughter, so he's my nephew.
Futaba: Oh! You can also go ask my nephew, Takeru.
Futaba: Okay, I'll be serious. One night, it suddenly started raining very heavily. Then, I heard a strange sound outside the house that accompanied the sound of the rain.
Futaba: Other than that... I can't think of any.
Futaba: Strange? Uh... I don't get it. What kinds of things would you consider strange?
Futaba: That's right. Takeru likes high places, so maybe he's seen something from there...
Futaba: The next day, I went to check it out! Then I saw some floating bags in the village gully.
Futaba: There's a weirdly dressed outlander and a floating white... thing talking to me!
Futaba: They might have washed away by now. You can take a look along the gully!
Futaba: Yes, it was like an intermittent clicking, clacking sound!
Futaba: You can go ask my dad! He knows a lot of things.
Hanachirusato:  You have helped me greatly already by being able to undo the barrier.
Hanachirusato: "The sakura on the east and west banks differ in speed, and the flowers of the north and south branches vary their bloom."
Hanachirusato: "To those who seek shall just reward be given in proportion to their wisdom and work."
Hanachirusato: ...
Hanachirusato: ...I have my reasons for that.
Hanachirusato: ...That's what she used to say. So no, there is no need to worry.
Hanachirusato: Ah, it's you. I wish you all the best.
Hanachirusato: Are you referring to the matter that the people of Konda Village have hidden away?
Hanachirusato: As for the location of the next barrier, you can visit the abandoned shrine nearby. It's not far northeast of Konda Village.
Hanachirusato: As you can see, I am simply a shrine maiden who wishes to cleanse evil with your aid.
Hanachirusato: As you may know, the Thunder Sakura trees symbolize the eternal watch of the Electro Archon, and they have the power to remove evil and purify the earth.
Hanachirusato: Besides, she... I have had dealings with Konda Village for a long time as well. If those families were to be cut off, I would not be able to face...
Hanachirusato: But too many things have been lost to time, and this barrier has now become something that must be removed.
Hanachirusato: Do not fret... Our priority is the cleansing.
Hanachirusato: Due to certain circumstances, I fear that I cannot go with you.
Hanachirusato: Excuse my rudeness. My name is Hanachirusato, and I am a shrine maiden.
Hanachirusato: Greetings.
Hanachirusato: Hehe... Of course.
Hanachirusato: However, everything on this island is under her... Under the Sacred Sakura's shade. So long as petals still fall like snow upon this island, we will surely meet again.
Hanachirusato: However, the path to the barrier is shrouded in Konda Village's secrets.
Hanachirusato: However, the polluted tree roots will eventually be corroded, and these tainted sections will form tumors, one after another.
Hanachirusato: I am loyal to Narukami Island, not some police station.
Hanachirusato: I believe that you will see through the mystery of the villagers' words and reach the place appointed by destiny, just as you did with the ward...
Hanachirusato: I shall be counting on you for this investigation, Destined One.
Hanachirusato: I was quite concerned as to your actions, and as to whether you could heal the roots or not, so I have been observing you a little. If I have offended you, please forgive me.
Hanachirusato: I was right to have my eye on you. You are indeed qualified to perform the Cleansing.
Hanachirusato: I wish you all the best.
Hanachirusato: I...
Hanachirusato: Konda Village has a long history. In the distant past, its people were once charged with the duty of guarding a certain barrier.
Hanachirusato: Please excuse me. Let us get back to business.
Hanachirusato: Thank you, truly.
Hanachirusato: That barrier is hidden behind a certain secret. I'd like to entrust you with a little investigation, and with lifting that barrier.
Hanachirusato: That is why we must perform the Cleansing Ritual.
Hanachirusato: The authorities? Who do you mean?
Hanachirusato: The village in front of you is named Konda Village, and there is a... barrier within it that needs to be lifted.
Hanachirusato: There are several more barriers of this kind. Can I ask you to aid me... No, to aid this land?
Hanachirusato: There is a barrier under Konda Village. For the sake of Narukami Island, we must lift it.
Hanachirusato: There should be no problem...
Hanachirusato: Unfortunately, my... physical condition, shall we say, prevents me from accomplishing this deed.
Hanachirusato: Very impressive.
Hanachirusato: Yes. It may take some time and trouble, but I'm sure that you will reveal the truth in the end.
Konda Densuke's Notes: "...After much discussion, it was decided that this matter should be covered up... The cart was destroyed in the night. The goods and coin pouches were dumped down an empty well..."
Konda Densuke's Notes: "...But the lies and cover-up of this thievery weigh heavily on me. Therefore, I decide to leave these notes..."
Konda Densuke's Notes: "...Konda Village should've been prosperous. The Konda Clan should've thrived... I hope... for the sake of Takeru and Futaba... this village shall remain free of mishaps..."
Konda Densuke's Notes: "...The group attacked the public drunkenly, stealing no small amount of goods and some pouches of Mora..."
Konda Densuke's Notes: "...The well was sealed and locked, and the key was hidden in a broken house across the gully on the east side of the village... Legend has it that it was built by Douin. Sadly, it's now so desolate that it proved a fitting choice to hide such a key..."
Konda Densuke's Notes: (Most of the notes are illegible due to their exposure to the elements.)
Konda Densuke: *sigh* Aye, you've seen through me, alright. Now, I was really tempted to take the coin pouch for myself, you know?
Konda Densuke: *sigh* Did Konda Village become like this because I couldn't fulfill my duty to the gods?
Konda Densuke: *sigh* Well, this is what actually happened...
Konda Densuke: *sigh* You again...
Konda Densuke: ...
Konda Densuke: ...This belongs to our family. There is nothing suspicious about it. That's right, it's very normal!
Konda Densuke: A bag for carrying Mora?
Konda Densuke: After entrusting the secret to a kind young person like you, I'm more relieved now...
Konda Densuke: Ah? No, that's not what happened at all!
Konda Densuke: Although the economy isn't good these days, all the taxes that should be paid to the police station are paid regularly, regardless.
Konda Densuke: And guarding it and its barrier was said to be a responsibility assigned to us, the Konda Clan, by the Kitsune Saiguu herself.
Konda Densuke: Barrier? Oh, so people still know about that old legend...
Konda Densuke: But this was a long, long time ago. I hardly recall anything about the details.
Konda Densuke: Come now, I will surrender this coin pouch to the Shogunate.
Konda Densuke: Don't you think you can fool an old man like me with these baseless accusations...
Konda Densuke: Don't you try to fool me with some random things, youngster!
Konda Densuke: Evidence? What evidence? I don't understand what you mean.
Konda Densuke: Fine. This is indeed not my coin pouch.
Konda Densuke: From the way you dress, you must be an outsi— I mean, outlander, right? It's been a long time since an outlander has come to the village.
Konda Densuke: Hahaha, what kind of question is that?
Konda Densuke: How can I help you? Need a place to rest your feet? Or do you need help to find your way up the mountain?
Konda Densuke: How can you prove that these two items are related?
Konda Densuke: How could that be... You'll get nowhere, testing me like that.
Konda Densuke: I can't believe that I was so careless when I was damaging the cart...
Konda Densuke: I couldn't let others know that this shameful incident occurred in our village. That's why I tried to cover it up.
Konda Densuke: I threw the diary onto the roof. If you really want to read it, help yourself, but please don't ruin my recently renovated roof.
Konda Densuke: I wrote down all the events at that time and the location of the key before throwing the notes onto the roof. You can read it yourself.
Konda Densuke: I've told you, there's nothing wrong here.
Konda Densuke: If it was just me... As long as no one else was affected...
Konda Densuke: If you don't believe me, just check it out for yourself.
Konda Densuke: If you don't believe me, you can look around yourself. I, Konda Densuke, will not stand in your way.
Konda Densuke: If you're looking for secrets, why don't you just go to the Grand Narukami Shrine and learn the secrets of deciphering fortune slips? Or how about you go to Chinju Forest and see if you can hear the "tanuki-bayashi," huh!?
Konda Densuke: In that case, you should have a pretty good idea of what happened.
Konda Densuke: It's...
Konda Densuke: I—I already admitted my desire to steal the Mora. What else could be the problem?
Konda Densuke: Konda Village is a peaceful place. Youngster, are you sure you don't have the wrong village?
Konda Densuke: Konda Village is simple and peaceful. There are no secrets here.
Konda Densuke: My conscience kept bothering me because of this cover-up, so I recorded everything in a diary.
Konda Densuke: My name is Konda Densuke, and I am the village chief.
Konda Densuke: Nonsense! What kind of strange incidents could possibly happen in our village? Well, alright then, show me!
Konda Densuke: Oh Densuke, how could an old man like you have such mischievous thoughts!
Konda Densuke: Oh, thank goodness! Thank goodness...
Konda Densuke: Phew... Sorry, I might have overreacted.
Konda Densuke: Please don't report this to the Shogunate. This isn't about me saving face. I just don't want the entire village to be dragged down in the process.
Konda Densuke: Ridiculous! How can that be?
Konda Densuke: Secret? Konda Village doesn't have any secrets.
Konda Densuke: Since you have already gotten this far in your investigation, there's nothing for it. I can't hide it anymore.
Konda Densuke: So many people have passed by my backyard, it's pretty normal for someone to have dropped it, right?
Konda Densuke: That's right. I thought that you would stop the investigation once I confessed.
Konda Densuke: The truth? Hehe... You young people these days are so interesting.
Konda Densuke: There are only a few families in our village, all with a long history. And we know each other's roots. How could we have any secrets?
Konda Densuke: There was originally a group of young people in the village who got too bold after getting drunk, and actually robbed one of the Shogunate's cargo carts. These goods and the bag both belong to the Shogunate.
Konda Densuke: There's no way you would know how much Mora was in there without opening it up either, right?
Konda Densuke: They did? What did they say?
Konda Densuke: They say that in ancient times, underneath the ground we are standing on right now, lay the roots of the Thunder Sakura. Indeed, this was one of the five roots that protect the peace on Narukami Island.
Konda Densuke: This is... This is...
Konda Densuke: This is... ahem, where did you get this?
Konda Densuke: This...
Konda Densuke: Unless... there's some kind of secret code on the Mora?
Konda Densuke: Well then. What can I do for you, youngster?
Konda Densuke: What can I do for you, youngster?
Konda Densuke: What is this? I can't read it.
Konda Densuke: Wh—What proof do you have for saying this?
Konda Densuke: Yes, it was me who locked the well up. I also wrote down where I hid the key. Go read for yourself.
Paimon:  Grandpa Densuke, do you know anything about the Konda Village barrier?
Paimon:  If she's been watching us all this time, that means...
Paimon: ((Traveler), what did we find in the gully earlier... ?)
Paimon: (He must be hiding something else, right?)
Paimon: (Hey (Traveler), start with what was found near the well. Paimon's leaving it to you!)
Paimon: (That can't be right! (Traveler), was Grandpa Densuke really just after the Mora?)
Paimon: (Traveler), are you thinking what Paimon's thinking?
Paimon: (Traveler), be careful!
Paimon: (Traveler), let's keep asking around! Starting with the head of the village!
Paimon: ...And this well's in the village chief's yard.
Paimon: ...Found what? Hmm, your turn now, (Traveler)!
Paimon: ...Surrendered to the Shogunate! That's right! They were definitely going to be surrendered to the Shogunate!
Paimon: A very good idea indeed! Grandpa Densuke, you...
Paimon: Ah! You mean that we should make it disappear, right?
Paimon: Anyway, let's talk to the locals first. Maybe we can find something out...
Paimon: As long as it opens that dried-up well, that treasure's ours!
Paimon: But other than some tattered paper, Paimon doesn't see anything special here.
Paimon: But...
Paimon: Did something come to mind?
Paimon: Do shrine maidens usually wear masks?
Paimon: Do you know where they are, Granny?
Paimon: Eek! How did you... When did you... Why...
Paimon: Eh? Who— No, what is that!?
Paimon: Evidence about the strange incidents in the village. Please stop pretending.
Paimon: He's so suspicious! Something's definitely off!
Paimon: Hee-hee, let's see what's inside...
Paimon: Hehe, so this is the "underbelly"...
Paimon: Hehe. It might look very peaceful here, but Paimon's sure that there's gotta be something dark going on.
Paimon: Hehehe, the secret that the people of Konda Village are trying to hide!
Paimon: Hey now, you finally admitted it!
Paimon: Hey! You two!
Paimon: Hmm... This must be one of the "floating bags" that Futaba mentioned!
Paimon: Hmm? There seems to be something here...
Paimon: Hoping to save themselves, the Shogunate's people threw their coin pouches into the well to distract you! And then, you locked the well up to prevent others from stealing the Mora!
Paimon: How rude! Paimon was just saying the obvious.
Paimon: Huh. These people seem to be looking for something...
Paimon: Huh? That old man is your dad?
Paimon: Is that right?
Paimon: It says "volumes," which must refer to things made of paper, right?
Paimon: It's open. C'mon, let's have at it. Carefully now...
Paimon: It's tightly locked, just like Granny said...
Paimon: Just kidding. Hmm, a coin pouch by the well... That means...
Paimon: Let's go find some villagers and collect more clues. Then we'll see what he's got to say.
Paimon: Let's see... The contents of this piece of paper are... a Shogunate ledger of goods and payments...
Paimon: Looks like something wild is sealed in here.
Paimon: Maybe they're after the treasure, too?
Paimon: No! We're here to ask about the secret of Konda Village!
Paimon: Oh, they're related alright.
Paimon: One dried well key successfully retrieved!
Paimon: Paimon's thinking about buying lots and lots of snacks with this Mora!
Paimon: Really? Paimon was gonna ask for your key and to have that Mora at the bottom of the well...
Paimon: Secrets... Hmm, yes, Paimon smells something suspicious!
Paimon: Seems... kinda helpful, but also kinda unhelpful...
Paimon: Something doesn't feel right here...
Paimon: That's right!
Paimon: The coin pouch is just one part of the mystery. We also found...
Paimon: The goods are... "this book" blah blah blah... "participating in" blah blah... and the number is something-something volumes?
Paimon: There's gotta be some secrets here! Miss Masked Maiden said so.
Paimon: There's nothing on the Mora, but we did find something elsewhere.
Paimon: This family's pretty complicated...
Paimon: This must be the broken cart Takeru mentioned!
Paimon: This notch... Ah, that's right! Let's try putting the ward that we got from the shrine maiden in there!
Paimon: This should be Konda Village.
Paimon: Time to go see the village chief. Paimon wants to see how he'll explain himself this time!
Paimon: Tried to rob a Shogunate cart, didn't you? And in the midst of the struggle, you destroyed the cart with a single punch, causing the goods to go flying into the gully.
Paimon: Ugh! That village head was so tight-lipped — how annoying!
Paimon: Wait a second. Nephew...?
Paimon: We've investigated all the suspicious places the villagers told us about, and we've found our fair share of weird stuff.
Paimon: Well, that sounds like a lot of work. Will there be payment?
Paimon: What about your confession regarding the coin pouch...
Paimon: What an arrogant little kid...
Paimon: Wow! It's a marked coin pouch!
Paimon: Yeah, that's not why we came here!
Paimon: Yeah, we didn't come here to report you!
Paimon: You know, the people in charge of the whole Konda Village thing.
Saimon Eri: *sigh* Jirou used to hang out with the young gangsters in the village.
Saimon Eri: ...
Saimon Eri: Ah, look at this old lady, only focusing on talking about her own son...
Saimon Eri: And the deserted shrine at the foot of the mountain would never have fallen into disrepair in the past like it has now. I've heard that the statue of the Great Fox occasionally sheds tears. That's not normal either, is it?
Saimon Eri: As long as Jirou isn't influenced by them, I couldn't care less.
Saimon Eri: But a group of ronin came to the village later and took almost all of it.
Saimon Eri: Hehehe... There are just too many strange goings-on for an old woman like me. Are these what you wanted to know?
Saimon Eri: Hello, youngster. Are you here to listen to this old woman's stories?
Saimon Eri: I've heard that for a while, there was a lot of Mora scattered inside the dry well behind the village chief's house.
Saimon Eri: In the past, traders and tourists from various countries would disembark at Ritou, and they would pass through our village on their way to Inazuma City.
Saimon Eri: Little Takeru even said that he saw a ghostly woman during a stormy night. But who or what would haunt such a peaceful village? This too is very abnormal, yes?
Saimon Eri: Maybe the kid's broken off contact because we pushed him too hard...
Saimon Eri: Mr. Imatani never worried much about the kids in the past, nor would Jirou ever have fought any war no matter who told him to. This is also very abnormal.
Saimon Eri: My old husband's even put up a search notice in Inazuma City.
Saimon Eri: Out of the ordinary... Let's see...
Saimon Eri: Speaking of which, it seems like I haven't seen any of those punks for a while, either.
Saimon Eri: Still, you just reminded me of something...
Saimon Eri: That's all I know. If you want to know more, you can go ask our village chief.
Saimon Eri: The Konda family's well is always dry, even though there is plenty of water all around. Someone locked the well up the other night, and not a soul knows who did it. This kind of thing isn't normal either, right?
Saimon Eri: The strangest thing is how we haven't heard from Jirou for such a long time...
Saimon Eri: The village was always busy and we would open our doors for outlanders. But that hasn't happened for a long time. That's unusual, isn't it?
Saimon Eri: They're a band of troublemaking brats. They most likely went somewhere new to make trouble.
Saimon Eri: We urged him to join the army because they were together from morning to night and were always up to no good.
Saimon Eri: Well, if you're interested in what's going on, go over to the dried-up well and check it out.
Takeru: *shh* Keep your voice down... I can tell you, but promise me you won't get scared!
Takeru: ...things get spooky around here!
Takeru: Amazing, you climbed up so easily!
Takeru: Besides the ghost? That would be the broken cart at the entrance of the village!
Takeru: During thunderstorms...
Takeru: Hmmm...? Looking at you, (mister/lady), you should be an outlander, right?
Takeru: How can I convince Grandpa Densuke that there really is a ghost...
Takeru: Huh, how can you be so calm after I told you something like that?
Takeru: I guess that would be the broken cart at the entrance of the village. I wonder who left it there?
Takeru: It's been a super long time since I've seen an outlander!
Takeru: See, that's it over there. There are hilichurls digging at it, too!
Takeru: There's a strange spooky ghost lady!
Takeru: Well then, speak: What can Konda Takeru do for you, O outlander from afar?
Takeru: When I told Grandpa Densuke, he didn't believe me either. He said that I must have been mistaken...
Well Lock: (The dry well is locked and looks like it could be opened with the corresponding key...)
Well Lock: (The dry well is locked and looks like it could be opened with the corresponding key...)
(Opens Quest Item menu, use the Old Key.)