 ...Hmm, this just doesn't fit with my image of Fontaine.
 Did the elemental reactions fail?
 I thought you said it won't explode.
 It was decent.
 Quest DescriptionAt last, the final step in the toymaking process has arrived. If you complete this final step, production can begin proper, but will this process really produce any toys?
 What's going on?
Bertrand: (Traveler), Paimon, you have never been to Fontaine, I suppose. If you had, you would know...
Bertrand: *cough* Now, I am sure that there might be some early misunderstandings, but so long as we persevere and continue to improve on our work, I'm sure that they will someday be moved!
Bertrand: Ah, but you see, making goods only in Fontaine's image is no way of guaranteeing mercantile success.
Bertrand: Alright then. This is the final step, also known as "Core Activation."
Bertrand: Alright, go over to the Great Machine to give production a go. Let's see what you end up creating.
Bertrand: And then I shall return to Fontaine.
Bertrand: And yet, change is even harder than we can imagine. The result of all this being... that I must now research alternative energy, alone and away from Fontaine.
Bertrand: As for this voucher, you can use it to redeem a robot with the same design as this one for free! If you like this model, then you need only redeem it using this voucher... Well, once we have established a stable production flow, of course.
Bertrand: But honestly, it's thanks to your help in this experiment that we even got this far. If I had tried doing this in one go from the start, I don't think there'd be anything left of the Great Machine, never mind there being any toys.
Bertrand: But someday—someday! Someday, I will find a good energy solution.
Bertrand: Do come and lend me your aid when that time comes as well, alright, (Traveler)?
Bertrand: Fontaine... Ah, Fontaine.
Bertrand: For some people, it is a most convenient place to live. But for others, it is naught but a place of grief and disappointment.
Bertrand: Haha! I have no idea what's going to be made — oh, the expectation!
Bertrand: Heh, almost! Almost. But thanks to some emergency adjustments, performed triple-quick-time by yours truly, the process stabilized.
Bertrand: Hehe, alright. Hmm, I see, so this is what we can produce using these material ratios. Well, in that case, I shall keep this in storage... and also, this voucher is for you.
Bertrand: Hmm, and now, let's read the record of issues caused during the test run... It seems that we must make some adjustments to improve our efficiency.
Bertrand: Hmm... How about this, (Traveler)? How would you like to be the one to place the Material Collector upon the machine?
Bertrand: How did you find it? Fascinating, no?
Bertrand: How is the final process going? Well, I'll bet that defeating elemental creatures was no challenge for an experienced adventurer like yourself, eh?
Bertrand: I "look like I might collapse," eh? Nay, I've already done so, yes indeed!
Bertrand: I mean, the Doushin who arrested me previously called these "bizarre tricks." Hah! Well, I'll teach 'em to look down on these "tricks."
Bertrand: I said that the toys wouldn't explode — I never guaranteed that the machine that makes them would be similarly stable.
Bertrand: If I can make the toys, then I can keep making them. Then I can pay off my debt, earn a good sum, and live out my days in Inazuma in peace...
Bertrand: In any case, I must make some adjustments first such that I'll be able to begin mass production shortly.
Bertrand: In any case, that's all our processes completed.
Bertrand: Indeed, that was a really close shave! If I hadn't been able to control the elemental energy, I'd probably be competing with the Naganohara family's fireworks for highest recorded altitude right now.
Bertrand: My standard of living in Inazuma before I can return to Fontaine depends on you, (Traveler)!
Bertrand: Of course I am. As a person living alone in a faraway land, this machine and my creativity are all that sustain me.
Bertrand: Phew! Wow, that was close...
Bertrand: Precisely. Elemental life forms are constantly being powered by the elements. Collecting this motive force and adding it to our machine is the final step.
Bertrand: So close, yes, very close indeed...
Bertrand: The Great Machine, too, is a product of that research, which is why it remains somewhat unstable and at risk of exploding if not handled with the utmost care...
Bertrand: The elements are beginning to slowly fuse with the source materials we collected as we speak.
Bertrand: The energy system there is very special, and no one knows how long it can be sustained. Thus, we must find alternative energy solutions before it all comes crashing down.
Bertrand: This is our first robotic toy, after all, so there are still some examinations to be done. We can't be producing exploding gadgets all the time, now can we?
Bertrand: To tell the truth, this production process does include my various gleanings from studying local popular culture. After all, you must win the people's hearts to earn your welcome.
Bertrand: Well, let's not talk about such things now. On to our final process.
Bertrand: What you've brought shall determine what gets made... So now then, give it a go!
(Opens Product Creation menu)
Bertrand: Whatever the case may be, we have completed this first production cycle.
Bertrand: Why, that's the fun of the Great Machine! It responds to and processes different materials differently.
Paimon: A Hypostasis... Do we really have to defeat one just to make one toy?
Paimon: Bertrand, are you alright? You're sweating all over, and you look like you might collapse at any moment!
Paimon: Bertrand...
Paimon: Eh? Not going back to Fontaine?
Paimon: Huh, you're actually pretty serious about all this, aren't you?
Paimon: Is this really a toy made by a machine from Fontaine?
Paimon: Paimon remembers you mentioned this had to do with elemental creatures, right?
Paimon: Paimon thinks this was waaay more trouble than the other days, but it's done either way. Let's hand the stuff over to Bertrand!
Paimon: Wait, you don't know what sort of toy will come out?
Paimon: Well, those Slimes were pretty easy to beat. What was next again... Oh, Specters, huh...?
Paimon: Will this stuff really be popular, though?