 A small mistake?
 A wanted criminal "too"?
Bertrand: Haha, that's a long story. I was once arrested by the Tenryou Commission due to a small accident...
 Being fun certainly doesn't seem important to Paimon, huh?
 Hey...
 I'm (Traveler)...
 Leave it to me.
 More than once, actually...
Bertrand: Well, I might've heard your name when the Tenryou Commission arres... Um, asked me to answer a few questions.
 Nothing...
Bertrand: If you've nothing to say, then don't bother me. I'm currently making a batch of important products.
 Or to fetch some suspicious-looking goods...
 Or to pick some garbage up on the rooftop...
 Paimon's taste in names isn't exactly any better...
 Quest DescriptionA toy merchant from Fontaine seems to be struggling with the source materials of his products...
 That's so much work...
 That's so troublesome...
 They're all in the Collector.
 We're here to help.
 What a tongue-twister...
 What do you plan to sell?
Bertrand: I plan to sell toys, but... Unfortunately, the toys are yet to be produced. Please check them out once I have them ready.
 You put up a request at the Adventurers' Guild, didn't you?
Bertrand connects the Collector to The Great Machine.
Bertrand: (Traveler)? I think I've heard this name somewhere. Were you once... a wanted criminal too?
Bertrand: *sigh* It was not a big deal. I just missed something when I made the last batch of toys... It really was a small mistake.
Bertrand: *sigh* When I first arrived, I borrowed some Mora from the International Trade Association to start my business. Who'd have thought that I would end up being confined in Ritou, not allowed to enter other areas of Inazuma...
Bertrand: *sigh*... OK, I've indeed been told that I've bad taste in names. I'll take your word for it just this once.
Bertrand: Ah yes, I am.
Bertrand: Ah, so you're the assistants sent by the Adventurers' Guild! Welcome! You could've told me earlier!
Bertrand: Ahahah! I now have everything ready! I'll sell each toy for thousands of Mora. Then, with tens of thousands of them sold...
Bertrand: Ahem, it's really no biggie. No one got hurt.
Bertrand: Alright then, lemme add the materials to my One-of-a-Kind, Never-Failing...
Bertrand: And be concise, my time is precious.
Bertrand: Anyways, if my plan still fails in the end, I'll pay off my debt by giving all the toys to Kurisu.
Bertrand: Are you two toy buyers who caught wind of my business?
Bertrand: As simple as that... Uh, you seem to have some questions, I presume?
Bertrand: But it's a shame that I can't sell you any toys yet, because I haven't started mass production.
Bertrand: But last time I added some strange mechanics that caused the toys to explode. So this time, I've reflected on the mistake and rebuilt the machine... Theoretically speaking, it should be fine.
Bertrand: But no worries, the production line is being built as of now. You can register and make a deposit if you're interested. I'll inform you when the toys are ready, and then you can proceed to pay the balance...
Bertrand: But the Doushin from the Tenryou Commission still confiscated my toys without a second thought... The way I see it, those toys could still be sold as lovely-looking bombs!
Bertrand: Fine. Lemme add the materials to the Great Machine...
Bertrand: Haha, that's a long story. I was once arrested by the Tenryou Commission due to a small accident...
Bertrand: Hahaha, anyways, my Great Machine can automatically analyze the materials added into it, and then choose the most appropriate method to assemble them.
Bertrand: Hahaha, that is totally...
Bertrand: Have some confidence in Inazuma's toy market! My toys were very popular before people realized that they could explode... And you know what? They actually got even more popular after that.
Bertrand: Have you collected the source materials using the Collector? The source materials play a critical role in shaping the toys. Be careful with your choice, haha!
Bertrand: Heh! If that's the amount I'm getting for one of these, then I just need to sell 20,000 of them to pay off my debt!
Bertrand: Hehe, those toys would explode if you triggered something inside them. That's all.
Bertrand: Here, take this Material Collector. Remember to directly put anything you collect into the Collector, lest it be contaminated by other elements.
Bertrand: How's it going? Have you collected any materials?
Bertrand: I can easily earn tens of millions... Hahaha...
Bertrand: I plan to sell toys, but... Unfortunately, the toys are yet to be produced. Please check them out once I have them ready.
Bertrand: If you've nothing to say, then don't bother me. I'm currently making a batch of important products.
Bertrand: Impossible.
Bertrand: In all, the collection process involves three steps: Source Material Collection, Elemental Charge, and Core Activation.
Bertrand: Look at you, always wanting a quick fix. It takes patience to make toys. We must infuse every process with...
Bertrand: Next, we infuse the materials with elemental energy to allow the process to move forward. And finally, we power the materials with the energy drawn from the cores of elemental life forms.
Bertrand: No worries. Since I've recently adjusted the machine, and this particular process hasn't been tested yet, I need to check if it works well with the materials.
Bertrand: Oh, you aren't toy buyers... So if you've got something to say, tell me quick. Don't waste my time.
Bertrand: Please lend me a hand, hehe.
Bertrand: Speaking of my "One-of-a-Kind, Never-Failing, Engineer-Grade, Second-Generation Furnace-Powered Machine"...
Bertrand: Thanks. Let me adjust the device one last time. I'm counting on you to collect the materials!
Bertrand: That's why I need people to test it.
Bertrand: Then, I can give you the rich rewards as promised!
Bertrand: Then, how about you?
Bertrand: This requires some time. Please come back later.
Bertrand: Today, let's try the first step — Source Material Collection!
Bertrand: Wait a sec, this name is too short! It doesn't sound impressive at all!
Bertrand: We need to collect things like ores, fruits, and flowers as the base materials.
Bertrand: Well, I might've heard your name when the Tenryou Commission arres... Um, asked me to answer a few questions.
Bertrand: Well, all my toys are produced by this machine that I built. It's called "One-of-a-Kind, Never-Failing, Engineer-Grade, Second-Generation Furnace-Powered Machine."
Bertrand: What are you thinking? That's only the first step of the three processes. We're far from getting things done.
Bertrand: Yep, my passion for Mora!
Bertrand: Yep, we need all three processes in order to produce the toys.
Bertrand: Yes, I did put up that request. How should I address you two?
Bertrand: You can rest assured — I haven't spent all my money, and I can clear my debt once I'm able to produce toys again and get them sold.
Katheryne: But he somehow can't leave Ritou at the moment. Please go and ask him about the details of the commission.
Katheryne: For a commission that's suited for you! I was just about to reach out to you.
Katheryne: He's a businessman, after all. That explains why he promised some very generous rewards when he put up the request at the Adventurers' Guild.
Katheryne: It's fun, and there are rich rewards to be had as well.
Katheryne: Oh, don't misunderstand. The commission is indeed suited for you, and by "suited" I mean...
Katheryne: The requester is a toy merchant from Fontaine. His name is Bertrand. He came to sell toys in Inazuma and is currently looking for an assistant to help him with toy-making.
Katheryne: Traveler and Paimon, you're right on cue!
Paimon: "The Great Machine"... Hmm, Paimon thinks that it rolls off the tongue very well.
Paimon: (A sudden change of attitude again...)
Paimon: ...Is this really gonna work?
Paimon: A commission that's suited for us... Don't tell Paimon that you want us to look for things or drive hilichurls off.
Paimon: But what do you want us to help you with?
Paimon: Explode?
Paimon: Great. Then, we'll need many fruits!
Paimon: Hang on, since you owe the International Trade Association money, how do you plan to pay us?
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon was just trying to make conversation.
Paimon: Hello, are you Bertrand?
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: Hmm, now that we've collected all the ores — let Paimon see — next we need some flowers...
Paimon: Hold your horses! We're not here to buy your toys.
Paimon: It's "The Great Machine."
Paimon: Let's call it "The Great Machine"!
Paimon: Not a big deal?
Paimon: Paimon gets it, so we need to complete all the processes, huh?
Paimon: Paimon is... Uh, Paimon.
Paimon: Rich rewards!
Paimon: Right on cue for what?
Paimon: Sometimes the shorter it is, the easier it is to remember.
Paimon: Sure, we'll head to Ritou and look for him right away!
Paimon: Then, Bertrand, what do we do next? Should we move on to the following processes?
Paimon: Theoretically speaking...
Paimon: Uh... Although that's not what Paimon was thinking, Paimon does share the sentiment!
Paimon: U—Um... Being fun is also important! So, what is this commission about?
Paimon: We've collected all the materials Bertrand needs. (Traveler), let's bring them to him.
Paimon: What on earth did you do to get yourself arrested by the Tenryou Commission?
Paimon: Whoa... What a change of attitude!
Paimon: Will the machine go "chug chug chug" and then spill out the toys with "crackle and kaboom"?
Paimon: With what? Oh, Paimon gets it. It's toys we're making, after all, so we must infuse every process with real passion!
Paimon: Wow! And what's next?
Paimon: Yep, let Paimon think about it...
Paimon: You obviously had this coming...