 I'm sorry.
Hosseini: No, no, it's alright. You weren't aware of the academic value it held in the first place, so you can't be blamed for acting as you did.
Hosseini: It was I who, as the person who knew its value, should've reminded you, but did not. I was remiss in my duties, not you in yours.
 Let's hope I actually understand your report.
 Our problem has been solved.
 Quest DescriptionWith Hosseini's help, you successfully defeated that unique autonomous machine. Inform him of the good news.
 There's not much left of it.
 They were a big help.
 Well, if you had told me earlier...
Hosseini: Indeed, this problem arose from my failure to consider all the possibilities. Alas, it is all too late now.
Hosseini: *sigh* It's all my fault. I should have reminded you beforehand...
Hosseini: ...You know what? If my research here in Inazuma really can't proceed, I might as well change my research topic to Pursina's Spikes.
Hosseini: Agh, Archon... What a colossal waste! No, it's a colossal error!
Hosseini: Ah, I truly do look up to Pursina and Ayesha, who were able to make such precise instruments. Their wonderful creations should never have been allowed to waste away inside our storehouses.
Hosseini: Ah, it's all water under the bridge now. Let's be positive, shall we? At the very least, I did manage to repair my set of Pursina's Spikes, and even manage to test their functionality.
Hosseini: Ah, what a shame, what a shame! It could have been a historical find in the field of ancient technical studies... And now there's nothing left to even take back as samples.
Hosseini: As for this anomalous Ruin Grader model, its function seem vastly different from your ordinary wandering Ruin Guards or Ruin Hunters. The entire thought process behind their design was superior by leaps and bounds.
Hosseini: Does this mean that the ancients' skill in making autonomous machines is greater than we estimated? How very fascinating.
Hosseini: Haha, I'll definitely write your name in the acknowledgements.
Hosseini: How did it go, Traveler? Did Pursina's Spikes come in handy?
Hosseini: However, similar machines are not common. My guess is that this might have been some sort of experimental model.
Hosseini: I hope that your future travels will avail you as much as our cooperation this time has.
Hosseini: If I could take it apart, we'd be sure to make some revolutionary discoveries...
Hosseini: If the Akademiya ends up taking notice of this subject of study, and if my research paper does end up being published...
Hosseini: Indeed, this problem arose from my failure to consider all the possibilities. Alas, it is all too late now.
Hosseini: It was I who, as the person who knew its value, should've reminded you, but did not. I was remiss in my duties, not you in yours.
Hosseini: No, no, it's alright. You weren't aware of the academic value it held in the first place, so you can't be blamed for acting as you did.
Hosseini: This trip really was a struggle from start to finish. First, I couldn't secure long-term residence in Ritou... and now I've allowed such a momentous discovery to go to waste...
Hosseini: Traveler, if you have the time, could you take me to see the remains of that anomalous model?
Hosseini: Very good! We did not labor in vain, then. I suppose this commission has also drawn to a close.
Hosseini: Well, we'll see, won't we?
Hosseini: What? Did you destroy its frame completely?
Hosseini: Why did its initial creator make it in the first place?