 "Hat Dog."
Paimon: Eh? No, c'mon, what sort of nickname is that?
 ...Than a cat or a dog.
 Black Shadow.
 Guess we can just snag the animals in secret.
 Huh, just like Paimon.
Paimon: Hey!
 Huh.
 I mean, I'd call you more reliable...
 I promise never to forget that Paimon is my bestest companion ever.
 I suggest we look for Sango instead.
 It was pretty handy.
 It's "Blade Pup."
Ryuuji: No, no. It should be "Hat Dog."
 Let's catch up.
 Like the Weasel Thieves?
Ryuuji: Exactly. The thing about weasels is that they're mischievous creatures that are hard to teach. As such, their training was a failure. This time, they were planning to try this again, but with the more loyal "dogs."
 Paimon...
 Probably thought this was impossible.
 Quest DescriptionThe case draws to a close. The truth is at hand...
 Something the matter, Paimon?
 This barking sounds... happier, somehow?
 This fellow who brought us here, I guess.
 Trust me, I lived in fear of it tearing...
 Uh, sure, I promise.
 Well, since nobody's home...
 What's that?
???: ...
???: Woof woof—
???: Woof!
Kageroumaru: Woof woof woof!
Kageroumaru: Woof woof—
Kageroumaru: Woof, woof!
Paimon: "...I fear that I am unlikely to return from this latest expedition of mine. I have no regrets, but if I were to still have worries, it would be for Kageroumaru."
Paimon: "Day after day of training passed, and with each day, Kageroumaru grew stronger. Unfortunately, he has no wish to make a contract with any ninja."
Paimon: "He has a scar on his face that we got when he was young, and he holds himself in manner evidently different from other dogs."
Paimon: "He was too weak when he was young, and so he was left out when the ninja came to make contracts with their ninken. That mattered little to me. As a trainer, I refused to give up on a single dog."
Paimon: "I can only leave this letter behind. If anyone should find it in the days to come, please help me take care of Kageroumaru."
Paimon: "I understand that this is a presumptuous request, but I do not have any other choice. Also, should he wish to make a contract in the future and can bring the one he wishes to follow to this place, then the method to make a contract is as follows..."
Paimon: "To whomsoever..." Something something... Ugh, it's all battered and stuff!
Paimon: "War has not broken out yet, but the Police Station's missives have become more urgent. I no longer have time to spend with him — it is time to go."
Paimon: ...Actually, why's Kageroumaru following you around, (Traveler)?
Paimon: ...Pfft, but that'll never happen! Paimon's just making an analogy and stuff, y'know? We won't split up, no way!
Paimon: ...Promise Paimon something, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Aaaand he's gone.
Paimon: But (Traveler) isn't a ninja! And also... Uh...
Paimon: Eh?
Paimon: Eh? It ran off again, and into a building this time, too. C'mon, (Traveler), after it!
Paimon: Eh? No, c'mon, what sort of nickname is that?
Paimon: Ehe, you're agreeing with Sango, aren't you?
Paimon: Even if you're now contracted to Kageroumaru, never forget that Paimon's your bestest companion ever!
Paimon: He really is very unique! Hang on, there's more stuff here...
Paimon: Hehehe, right! Let Paimon see...
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: How can you tell? Paimon didn't get it at all!
Paimon: Huh. Guess so. It goes on... "Our clan's profession is the training of ninken, and to this end we have provided the ninja with a great many reliable companions."
Paimon: Huh. That really makes sense. As expected of the "brains" of this operation, eh?
Paimon: Huh. There's nothing here but a bunch of cages for small animals. Where are the people at?
Paimon: Huh. This dog isn't leaving.
Paimon: Huh? Ryuuji's not in. Let's go ask Sango, then.
Paimon: Is it ill?
Paimon: It's a real shame that Kageroumaru can't speak, either. Otherwise, we could just get (Traveler) to ask him!
Paimon: It's attacking us! (Traveler), you've gotta calm it down somehow!
Paimon: I—It's...
Paimon: No problem! Feel free to come to us if you ever have any problems. (Traveler) will be on the case in no time!
Paimon: Oh, uh... Actually, that one's a toughie, even for Paimon...
Paimon: Ooh, now that you say it like that, Paimon's getting all excited too! C'mon, (Traveler), let's go!
Paimon: Ooh, ooh, Paimon knows this one! You see, Ryuuji, (Traveler) is super strong, right?
Paimon: Ooh, that's right! Time for the brains of this operation to show her stuff, eh?
Paimon: Right? But see, if someday, Paimon had to leave (Traveler), Paimon would still be really worried. It's got nothing to do with whether (Traveler) is strong or not.
Paimon: Ryuuji! We're here!
Paimon: Sango said that this should be the place. Let's look around and see if we can find Ryuuji.
Paimon: That's real complacent of them, alright! Still, Paimon's sure that even you're tired after so many days of fighting, aren't you, (Traveler)?
Paimon: There! There he is! C'mon, let's go meet him.
Paimon: Ugh, these guys are back! Guess it's come down to a fight after all, huh? Be careful not to hurt the animals, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Uh-huh! We're the best of friends!
Paimon: Um...
Paimon: Wait, seriously!? The writer canceled the most important bit out!
Paimon: Well, she told us you'd be here! How's everything going?
Paimon: Well, that's that done. Still, that was strange. Kageroumaru seemed so friendly at first, and then before we knew it, we were in a fight! Thank goodness for (Traveler), huh?
Paimon: Whew, we finally caught up.
Paimon: Why are we in such  [sic] hurry? Wasn't Ryuuji gonna meet us here and head out together with us?
Paimon: Yay!
Paimon: Yeah, that's what Paimon was just thinking!
Paimon: You've gotta promise first!
Ryuuji tells Sango what happened.
Ryuuji: After consulting the previous methods we used to resolve these cases, I found my investigations leading me here.
Ryuuji: Agreed. Allow me to return these animals first, and we shall meet up at the agency later.
Ryuuji: Ah, it's you two. Sango sent me here to do some preliminary investigations, saying that you would arrive shortly. Indeed you have.
Ryuuji: Ahem. It's nice to see that the two of you get along and all...
Ryuuji: But back to the topic at hand... If Kageroumaru really is so strong, then why did the person from before leave a letter asking someone to take care of him?
Ryuuji: Eh? There's some kind of... letter over here.
Ryuuji: Exactly. The thing about weasels is that they're mischievous creatures that are hard to teach. As such, their training was a failure. This time, they were planning to try this again, but with the more loyal "dogs."
Ryuuji: Far beyond the norm for sure.
Ryuuji: He's turning back to look at us every so often. Does he want us to follow?
Ryuuji: Indeed. Perhaps the truth really is ahead... Perhaps things are just as Sango predicted...
Ryuuji: It's fine. Fight as you wish. I'll take the animals someplace safe.
Ryuuji: It's probably "to whomsoever should read this letter."
Ryuuji: Just as people leave footprints behind, so too, do organizations leave unique traces. Although there were other lost and imprisoned animals that came up throughout this process, the signs eventually pointed back to the Treasure Hoarders all the same.
Ryuuji: Let's read it. It is the last clue we have, after all.
Ryuuji: Many thanks to the two of you, of course.
Ryuuji: Ninja desire strong companions, and so too do ninken. Only through mutual recognition can such contracts be established. It certainly seems to be the case here, too.
Ryuuji: No, no. It should be "Hat Dog."
Ryuuji: Previously, we also handled quite a few commissions regarding the Treasure Hoarders. Now that I think about it, Sango was right about that, too.
Ryuuji: So the "Kageroumaru" the letter speaks of is...
Ryuuji: Still, to not leave a single guard behind... I must say that these perpetrators are just way too careless.
Ryuuji: That is true. There was no evidence that would indicate otherwise from the beginning, after all.
Ryuuji: They just left. It's the Treasure Hoarders. Sango told me that they were planning to steal dogs and train them to become Treasure Hunting Hounds.
Ryuuji: Unless I miss my guess, Kageroumaru is now (Traveler)'s ninken.
Ryuuji: We're back, Sango. Here's what happened...
Ryuuji: Well, I'm no expert on ninken contracts. However, they do say that a ninja must defeat a ninken to receive its acknowledgment.
Ryuuji: Well, whatever the case. He seems to have no desire to attack us...
Ryuuji: Your reasoning makes a lot of sense, Paimon. In which case, we're left with one final question. Why did this dog steal small animals from the villagers and then protect them?
Sango: Ah, so that's the case. I think I've got a pretty good idea why Kageroumaru was protecting the little animals.
Sango: Ah, yes. I almost forgot. How did you find using the Ubiquity Net?
Sango: Ah, you're here, as expected.
Sango: Alright, noted. I'll send your feedback to my friend. Thanks.
Sango: As for the actual circumstances, I doubt I'm particularly far off, but since Kageroumaru can't speak, we won't get a firm answer either.
Sango: Because this investigation is fast approaching its end, of course. Hurry now. We're about to witness the truth coming to light.
Sango: But eventually, Kageroumaru found you, someone willing to protect the weak, and has thus acknowledged you as his master.
Sango: Haha. Thanks for the flattery, but that's not going to net you any discounts if you ever send me a commission. Still, I guess we can consider this case closed.
Sango: He must have been trying to make the other animals stronger.
Sango: He must have been weak when he was little, only to become strong over time. It thus stands to reason that he wanted to help make the other animals stronger through training.
Sango: Let me mark the locations on your map. If you hurry, there will still be time to catch up with him.
Sango: Looks like this matter is coming to a close...
Sango: Ryuuji is currently investigating Yashiori Island to follow up on my hunches.
Sango: This is also born from his sympathy for the weak.
Sango: Ugh. Naming this case is going to be hard. Should just ask someone from Yae Publishing House next time, I think.
Sango: Well, that's what my deductions from the clues we currently have would say, anyway.
Sango: What should we call this case... "The Phantom Dog Owner"? "The Treasure Hoarder with Twelve Faces"?
Sango: You're indeed very skilled, Traveler. But there's no need for these pleasantries. Sentimentality is the enemy of truth, after all.