 Are you gonna catch the thief?
 Are you gonna close the case?
Sango: Yes if everything goes well, It shall end today.
 Aren't you coming along?
Sango: My part is done, so I'll stay out of it.
 Aren't you coming along?
Sango: My part is done, so I'll stay out of it.
Sango: Besides, with my fighting skills and physique, I could be taken hostage by the culprit, which he could then use to get what he wants. That would be the worst.
Sango: I know my limits, so I'll leave it to you to deal with him.
 Bah. So complicated.
 Do you want to commit "crimes," too?
 Have you ever seen a perfect crime?
 Is there any way to erase your traces?
 Is this how all detectives are?
Sango: I wouldn't generalize, but I am very interested in "crime."
 Just like that?...
 Let's get him!
Ryuuji: Wait, Traveler. Now is not the time.
 Quest DescriptionIt's about time to close the serial theft case in Inazuma.
 Sango...
Sango: Hmm? Is this the first time you've met someone who is interested in crime the way I am?
 Should we nab him?
Ryuuji: In a moment. It's not the time yet.
 So... that's it?
 What about your payment?
Sango: Me? The biggest reward for me is helping the police solve a case and bringing peace and security to the city.
 What do I do?
 What if the crime isn't committed by a person?
 What if the culprit doesn't exist?
 Why do you think like that?
 You don't look too excited.
Sango: This case is pretty uninteresting: it has a boring perpetrator, and the methods lack sophistication.
Sango: If I had to rate this case... it's a total snore.
Sango: But again, it's a crime, so it's good that it gets dealt with.
 You don't want anything?
Sango: I've already tasted the sweetness of justice. I don't need anything else...
Sango: Hehe... I suppose that sounds better, doesn't it?
Amano and Andou lead Ishikawa Hachirou away...
Amano: Drop what's in your hands and freeze!
Amano: Hah! A measly few Treasure Hoarders, and you're getting cocky already?
Amano: It's amazing how Sango could figure out the details of the case so accurately...
Andou: Amano and I will take these Treasure Hoarders back to the police station. We'll handle the rest of the case.
Andou: Hey you! What are you doing?
Andou: I can't believe he's been hiding under our noses for so long. He's got a lot of nerve.
Andou: It's Sango's plan.
Andou: Now, we've caught him red-handed. Thanks for the help, Ryuuji, Traveler.
Andou: Okay! They're all yours!
Andou: Ryuuji, we'll head back to the police station first. We'll pay you a visit when we're done with this guy.
Andou: Traveler, now's the time.
Andou: Well then. Let's do this.
Andou: Well, it is Sango. A case like this is no big deal to her, no doubt.
Andou: What with... who he was pretending to be...
Andou: You can rest assured, Ms. Sango.
Ishikawa Hachirou: Agh... C'mon, don't just stand there! Take them out! Get rid of these two, and we'll be home free!
Ishikawa Hachirou: H—how did you?
Ryuuji: ...And Andou and Amano are taking the culprit back to the police station as we speak, Sango.
Ryuuji: Andou, Amano, let us take care of them!
Ryuuji: Found him. He's trying to bury the loot...
Ryuuji: In a moment. It's not the time yet.
Ryuuji: Just a little longer... Hmmm... It'll be time soon...
Ryuuji: Mm-hmm.
Ryuuji: My pleasure. Take care.
Ryuuji: Traveler, let's go back and report to Sango.
Ryuuji: Wait, Traveler. Now is not the time.
Sango: ...Alright then, I'll be counting on you two.
Sango: Anyway, here is your payment. Thank you for helping me, Traveler.
Sango: Besides, with my fighting skills and physique, I could be taken hostage by the culprit, which he could then use to get what he wants. That would be the worst.
Sango: But I believe that as long as it was done by a person, there must be some evidence. It's just that I haven't found any yet.
Sango: But again, I think a thief who can only sneak around  won't have the nerve to make any drastic moves.
Sango: But again, it's a crime, so it's good that it gets dealt with.
Sango: But to be honest, I didn't gain much of anything this time.
Sango: Don't be nervous. You're just thinking about it.
Sango: Feel free to come here whenever you have time. But if you're too busy... well... that's okay too.
Sango: Good... You're here too, traveler. That's great.
Sango: He must have several accomplices. With you there, the success of the operation will be more certain.
Sango: Hehe... I suppose that sounds better, doesn't it?
Sango: Hmm? Is this the first time you've met someone who is interested in crime the way I am?
Sango: However, none of those cases can be called perfect.
Sango: However... it's inevitable that some evidence will be left behind during a crime, and as long as there is evidence, it is only a matter of time before the crime is solved.
Sango: I didn't get to see any criminal techniques or ideas.
Sango: I know my limits, so I'll leave it to you to deal with him.
Sango: I see. Then it's settled.
Sango: I think about crimes all the time, like how and why they are committed...
Sango: I wouldn't generalize, but I am very interested in "crime."
Sango: I've already tasted the sweetness of justice. I don't need anything else...
Sango: I've collected enough evidence and I've figure out the culprit's habits.
Sango: If I had to rate this case... it's a total snore.
Sango: If I'm right, our guy will have gone into the wilds to bury the newly stolen goods.
Sango: If you go now, you should be able to catch him red-handed. I'll wait here for your good news.
Sango: If you go there now, you should be able to catch him red-handed. I'll wait here for your good news.
Sango: In any case, today shall be the end of his "career." Ryuuji, do you remember what I said?
Sango: Is there anything else you want to say, Traveler?
Sango: It was an uninteresting crime. Luckily it didn't take much effort.
Sango: It's normal to feel that way. After all, it was Amano and Andou who took the criminal away. Why don't you take your pay? It'll help all this feel more real.
Sango: It's this fascination that made me decide to become a detective.
Sango: Me? The biggest reward for me is helping the police solve a case and bringing peace and security to the city.
Sango: My part is done, so I'll stay out of it.
Sango: See! You can't help but think about committing crimes too, right?
Sango: Still, my gut tells me that we will have the chance to join forces again.
Sango: This case is pretty uninteresting: it has a boring perpetrator, and the methods lack sophistication.
Sango: To better solve cases, of course. The cases I've been working on lately have been getting more complicated, so I've had to give them a lot of thought.
Sango: Traveler, thank you for your help.
Sango: Traveler, use your unsurpassed aura to shock the culprit so that he won't do anything... particularly stupid.
Sango: Traveler, will you go with Ryuuji, Andou, and Amano and bring the culprit to justice?
Sango: Yes if everything goes well, It shall end today.
Sango: Yes, I have. There was a perfect crime that I haven't been able to solve to this day.
Sango: Yes, in a way, I do. I wish to commit a flawless, perfect crime.