 Are you Ryuuji's former colleague too?
Owada: Did Ryuuji tell you that? Yes, Ryuuji and I did work together once.
 But since everyone knows...
 But what can I do to help...
 Did Sango arrange all this?
 Did Sango tell you to say all this too?
 I suppose this case pays a lot?
Ryuuji: I couldn't give you a number, but the pay will be good enough, I'm sure.
 I think it would be better for you to deliver them.
Ryuuji: But... Sango's request is more important...
Ryuuji: I'll find time to visit the three of them later.
 Is the case still not completely solved?
Ryuuji: Not yet. Sango said everything had pointed perfectly to the "culprit" back then. Too perfectly, in fact.
 Is this case the perfect crime Sango was talking about?
Ryuuji: Indeed. Sango once told me that everything had pointed perfectly to the "culprit" back then. Too perfectly, in fact.
 It sounds just like Sango...
 Mr. Owada?
 No problem.
Ryuuji: Thanks for your help.
 Quest DescriptionRyuuji from the Bantan Sango Detective Agency seems to want to do something...
 Ryuuji.
 Sango must have taught you this.
 So I guess I'm a detective as well now?
Ryuuji: If you're willing to help us, then of course you are.
 So Sango wanted me to know, then?
 So what do you think of all this, personally?
 They should be thanking us.
 This is for you from Ryuuji.
 This is from Ryuuji.
 Wasn't it us who helped them?
 What brings you here?
 Why are you telling me this?
 Why did Ryuuji leave the police?
Owada: It was his own choice to leave.
 You could have just told me what happened...
 You guys worked together with Ryuuji?
Amano: Ahem! By the way, thank you, Traveler. I'll take these desserts.
Amano: But he suddenly got wrapped up in a certain incident.
Amano: Hey, Andou. Stop being so cautious. The Traveler may be an outlander, but (he/she) just helped us, didn't (he/she)?
Amano: Hmm? He didn't mention it to you? We worked with him for a short time.
Amano: I'm surprised Ryuuji still remembers what we like. Being colleagues with him sure has its perks...
Amano: If I could, I'd also like to...
Amano: Oh, it's you, Traveler. What are you doing here?
Amano: Oh? Let's see... Wow, Sakura Mochi... Ah, that lad Ryuuji, he really didn't have to...
Amano: Say hello to Ryuuji and Sango for me.
Amano: Thanks to Sango, the real culprit was caught and Ryuuji was exonerated. Later, he left the police station and went to work for Sango.
Amano: That's all I know...
Amano: True. Anyway, he's been having it a lot easier with Sango than with us.
Andou: Hey, come on...
Andou: Okay. That's probably enough about that.
Owada: Actually, that's not surprising. After all... she hasn't found the real person who laid that trap yet...
Owada: Ah, it's precisely because everyone knows that no one dares to interfere.
Owada: Ah... this place is nice, isn't it? I often come here...
Owada: But Ryuuji asked you to deliver the gift to me, which means that Sango asked him to have you do it.
Owada: Did Ryuuji tell you that? Yes, Ryuuji and I did work together once.
Owada: Don't worry, we just solved a case, so if someone comes, they'll be here to praise us.
Owada: Fortunately, a detective who was out of the loop happened to come to the police station for business and became interested in the case.
Owada: Given Ryuuji's character, if Sango has asked him to deliver the gift personally, he would have delivered it to me in mint condition even if I was trapped in a sea of fire.
Owada: Hahaha, you're no slowcoach either. Your presence here means that Sango is telling me, "I have a new helper."
Owada: Hahaha. It's okay. I'm just going out for some air. I'll be back soon.
Owada: Heh. At that time, I... How should I put it... I heeded the warning and didn't investigate further.
Owada: Hmm? You're... the Traveler, right? I heard Amano mention you.
Owada: I asked many people to help investigate, but they either came back empty-handed or told me not to continue the investigation.
Owada: I don't know if Ryuuji has mentioned what happened back then.
Owada: I vouched for him, but the judge still insisted on convicting him.
Owada: I'll leave it to you then, Uesugi.
Owada: I'm sure this gift was Sango's doing.
Owada: If you have anything to ask me, now's the time.
Owada: Is there something you'd like to see me about?
Owada: It is a "secret" that everyone knows, just like the fact that Ryuuji was wrongly accused, so I don't mind telling you.
Owada: It seems that she isn't over what happened back then.
Owada: It was his own choice to leave.
Owada: It's surprising that Ryuuji still remembers that...
Owada: Just a little further and we'll be there.
Owada: Oh, and thank Ryuuji for the Sakura Mochi for me. I've always enjoyed them.
Owada: Ryuuji left the police station and worked for that detective from then on. That's the whole story.
Owada: Sakura Mochi... Hah, I've always liked it.
Owada: Simply put, Ryuuji was too impulsive. He wound up walking into a trap and becoming a scapegoat.
Owada: Thanks to that detective, the case was finally solved and Ryuuji's name was cleared.
Owada: The view is nice and the air is fresh.
Owada: Traveler, walk with me for a while. I know a perfect place to enjoy these Sakura Mochi.
Owada: Uesugi, please cover for me for a bit. If someone comes to see me, tell them to wait a moment.
Owada: Well, I've told you everything I can. You can decide for yourself whether you want to join Sango or not.
Owada: Who asked you to give me this gift?
Owada: Wow, it's Sakura Mochi... Well then, I can't simply eat it casually. I'll have to find a nice place to enjoy it.
Ryuuji: After all, our detective agency may need their help someday.
Ryuuji: But... Sango also asked me to investigate another matter today, so the timing is a bit tight...
Ryuuji: But... Sango's request is more important...
Ryuuji: Haha, yes. Your intuition is as sharp as ever.
Ryuuji: He also helped us deal with the police on the serial burglary case previously.
Ryuuji: He is also my... former colleague. He was good to me before I left the police force.
Ryuuji: Here are three packs of desserts for Amano, Andou, and Mr. Owada.
Ryuuji: Huh. What are the odds, Traveler? Sango was right about us meeting again.
Ryuuji: I couldn't give you a number, but the pay will be good enough, I'm sure.
Ryuuji: I think the reason why she took me into her office was for the chance to solve that case.
Ryuuji: I'll find time to visit the three of them later.
Ryuuji: I'll leave it to you then, Traveler. After you finish delivering the dessert, we'll meet back here.
Ryuuji: If we had someone knowledgeable with a fresh set of eyes to help, there could be a breakthrough.
Ryuuji: If you're willing to help us, then of course you are.
Ryuuji: Indeed. Sango once told me that everything had pointed perfectly to the "culprit" back then. Too perfectly, in fact.
Ryuuji: Me? Amano and Andou... We used to be colleagues, so it's normal to show a bit of kindness with some dessert.
Ryuuji: No, these are all my own words.
Ryuuji: Not yet. Sango said everything had pointed perfectly to the "culprit" back then. Too perfectly, in fact.
Ryuuji: Sango asked me to finish up the last job.
Ryuuji: Sango said that you will be indispensable in helping solve that case and uncovering the real culprit.
Ryuuji: Sango's mind... I can't read it. But she mentioned to me that she might be getting tunnel vision from being in Inazuma for so long...
Ryuuji: Sorry for troubling you, Traveler. Did you give the gifts to all of them?
Ryuuji: Thank you again for your assistance. Feel free to come around more often, I'm sure Sango will welcome your presence as well.
Ryuuji: Thanks for your help.
Ryuuji: That person was held as the culprit by the police in the end, but Sango believed that the real culprit was someone else.
Ryuuji: That's true. Well, it's just an excuse to improve our relationship with them.
Ryuuji: Traveler, Sango may believe you are the one who can help her.
Ryuuji: Traveler, could you please help me deliver these desserts to three people?
Ryuuji: When Sango started her investigation, all the clues, motives, and evidence fell right into her hands and pointed to that "culprit."
Ryuuji: Which just involves bringing some dessert to the Doushin to thank them for their assistance.
Ryuuji: You found out? Sorry... It was Sango's idea to get you to deliver those.
Ryuuji: You have helped our agency so much, so please, accept the payment upfront this time.
Uesugi: *sigh*... okay, but please come back soon. If any of the higher-ups come by...
Uesugi: But it's work hours, Mr. Owada...