 Did Sango ask you to say this stuff too?
 Doesn't that mean the Doushins' actions are futile?
 Making progress with the case?
 Quest DescriptionRyuuji from the Bantan Sango Detective Agency seems to have something he needs help with...
 What does she intend to accomplish?
Ryuuji: Well... to be honest, I have no clue either. But if we do what Sango tells us to, we can usually solve the case.
 What exactly do you need me to do?
 Why didn't she come along?
Ryuuji: It's her habit, really. She said that she... "is good at thinking, but less so at doing."
Ryuuji: A while ago, a novelist came to interview her, wanting to turn her story into a novel.
Ryuuji: He even referred to Sango as an "armchair detective." She seems to have taken a liking to this nickname, and has been thinking of buying an armchair since.
Ryuuji: But because of funding issues, we can't really get an armchair yet.
4 enemies in one wave  Treasure Hoarders: Crusher ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Scout ×2
4 enemies in one wave  Treasure Hoarders: Crusher ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Seaman ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer ×1
6 enemies in two waves
 Treasure Hoarders: Marksman ×2 Treasure Hoarders: Crusher ×1
 Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer ×2 Treasure Hoarders: Handyman ×1
Ryuuji: A while ago, a novelist came to interview her, wanting to turn her story into a novel.
Ryuuji: According to Sango, the patrol in the city has indeed been reinforced ever since Amano and Andou reported that incident.
Ryuuji: Alright, we will rendezvous at this place afterward. Let's get a move on now.
Ryuuji: But because of funding issues, we can't really get an armchair yet.
Ryuuji: But please believe me when I say that I am not lying. I am certainly carrying your payment with me, at least.
Ryuuji: But strangely enough, the merchants in the city are still becoming victims of theft. And the perpetrators' intention is very clear. They aren't interested in anything else other than some targeted items.
Ryuuji: He even referred to Sango as an "armchair detective." She seems to have taken a liking to this nickname, and has been thinking of buying an armchair since.
Ryuuji: Here is the situation. Sango believes that the probability of the Treasure Hoarders sneaking into town to perform these crimes is very low.
Ryuuji: Hmm... you sensed that? You have quite a sharp intuition...
Ryuuji: I will also return and report to Sango about this.
Ryuuji: I wonder if she's figured something out yet...
Ryuuji: It was indeed Sango who told me to persuade you with these words.
Ryuuji: It's easy. We just need... to mess with those Treasure Hoarders in the wilderness. The bigger the fracas, the better.
Ryuuji: It's her habit, really. She said that she... "is good at thinking, but less so at doing."
Ryuuji: It's very likely that there has been a mole inside the city this whole time, passing off information to people outside the city.
Ryuuji: Let's go, Traveler. Time to have a little chat with them.
Ryuuji: Not at all. It's exactly what we want. Because our culprit seems to have realized that he is not the target of the Doushin yet, he will continue committing crimes.
Ryuuji: Of course, there will be payment. Also... when this case is over, there will be an additional gift for you.
Ryuuji: Sango has already marked the locations of some Treasure Hoarder camps. I have also marked them on the map for you.
Ryuuji: She also told me to wait for you and ask if you would perform a search in the wilds together with me.
Ryuuji: She didn't tell me. She just said that she still needed to make some preparations.
Ryuuji: Thank you for your hard work, Traveler. Please take these.
Ryuuji: The more crimes he commits, the easier it is for him to give himself away, and greater the chance for Sango to figure out who he really is.
Ryuuji: The suspect... or suspects, have a clear objective.
Ryuuji: There are indeed a lot of Treasure Hoarders here.
Ryuuji: Therefore, please help us out, Traveler.
Ryuuji: Therefore, we still need to keep putting on a show so that our thief will let his guard down.
Ryuuji: These people are quite quick to flee.
Ryuuji: They probably went back to report about us. In this case, our objective has been accomplished.
Ryuuji: Traveler, please wait. Sango would like your help.
Ryuuji: Traveler, that's why I am here asking you to come with me and look for some trouble with those Treasure Hoarders in the wilderness.
Ryuuji: Well. On that note, let's talk business.
Ryuuji: Well... to be honest, I have no clue either. But if we do what Sango tells us to, we can usually solve the case.