 Deceiving our culprit?
Ryuuji: That's right. We must make him continue to believe that our target is the Treasure Hoarders.
Ryuuji: This way, Sango will have more time to complete her plan.
Ryuuji: *chuckles*... Not that those Treasure Hoarders were up to any good anyway...
Ryuuji: So we may as well enlist their "help."
 How long more will this take?
 Looking for trouble with the Treasure Hoarders?
Ryuuji: That's right. Though that culprit has nothing to do with those Treasure Hoarders...
Ryuuji: Those Treasure Hoarders are up to no good anyway, so we may as well have them "help" us.
 Quest DescriptionRyuuji from the Bantan Sango Detective Agency seems to have something he needs help with...
4 enemies in one wave  Treasure Hoarders: Crusher ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Scout ×2
4 enemies in one wave  Treasure Hoarders: Crusher ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Seaman ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer ×1 Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer ×1
6 enemies in two waves
Wave  Treasure Hoarders: Marksman ×2 Treasure Hoarders: Crusher ×1
Wave  Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer ×2 Treasure Hoarders: Handyman ×1
Ryuuji: *chuckles*... Not that those Treasure Hoarders were up to any good anyway...
Ryuuji: As for matters within the city... Sango has secretly instructed Amano and Mr. Andou to assist us in this operation.
Ryuuji: But if we want that culprit to go down for real, we still need some preparation.
Ryuuji: Here is your payment, Traveler. Thank you for your help.
Ryuuji: I have also marked the location on your map. Let's get going now.
Ryuuji: Leave the thinking and planning to her. Let's just keep up our "correspondence" with those Treasure Hoarders.
Ryuuji: Not long now. Once Sango is ready, we can close this case.
Ryuuji: Sango has marked out their specific location. It's not far from the city.
Ryuuji: She has also promised that the credit for solving this case will all go to them, so they'll gladly work with us.
Ryuuji: So we may as well enlist their "help."
Ryuuji: Sorry, we have orders to preemptively prevent criminal activities. Let's do this, Traveler.
Ryuuji: That's right. Though that culprit has nothing to do with those Treasure Hoarders...
Ryuuji: That's right. We must make him continue to believe that our target is the Treasure Hoarders.
Ryuuji: This is the amount assigned by Sango herself, so I believe it should be commensurate. Please take them. We may yet have more work for you in the future.
Ryuuji: This way, Sango will have more time to complete her plan.
Ryuuji: Those Treasure Hoarders are up to no good anyway, so we may as well have them "help" us.
Ryuuji: Traveler, we meet again. Thanks to your help last time, Sango is now sure of our culprit's identity.
Ryuuji: While she's dealing with other things. Let's continue the work that we started previously.
Ryuuji: Yeah, we made quite a big ruckus this time too. Amano and Mr. Andou will assist us in letting that thief learn about this in town.
Treasure Hoarder: It's you people again? Come on! I haven't even done anything yet!
Treasure Hoarder: What... what the? Wait, listen!