 And it seems that you were victorious as well.
 Any time they're ready.
 Come on, let's find someone else...
 Congrats, Asakura.
 Don't waste any more words with him.
 I can take ten of them at once, no problem!
 I'll take care of it.
 Is this about your weapon...
 It sounds like I'll be taking on many of them at once...
Asakura: Without their numbers, those Kairagi are nothing more than a rabble.
Asakura: I have faith in your skills. Even if they decide to rush at you all at once, I still believe they'll stand no chance against you.
 Let's hope that their A-game is passable, at least.
 Not to mention pretty quick to sell his buddies out, too.
 Out of my sight!
 Quest DescriptionAsakura has discovered the Kairagi's whereabouts. The time has come for a rematch to reclaim his weapon...
 You got it!
Asakura: I am grateful for your assistance!
 You think too highly of me...
"Asakura: I came here because of my previous defeat... I'll wash away the shame with my own two hands!
"Asakura: That is indeed the case. Though I must admit that to my shame, I allowed him to escape with but a single stab from my spear due to a feint on his part.
"Kairagi" Leader: As for you, let's go over there.
"Kairagi" Leader: But you know what? I'll give you a chance on account of your bravery, at least. Come on! Let's settle this somewhere else.
"Kairagi" Leader: Hahaha. You've got some lip! Well then boys, you heard 'em. Let 'em have it!
"Kairagi" Leader: Heh, well, at least you've got some guts. But only one ally, really? You must really take me for a sucker, huh?
"Kairagi" Leader: It's often said that a Doushin's weapon is their dignity. You've lost to me already, so I'm surprised that you had the audacity to challenge me to another duel!
"Kairagi" Leader: Still... it wouldn't be good to leave my boys here with nothing to do, would it? I know! Why don't you ask your little helper to play with them a bit?
"Kairagi" Leader: Such insolence... This time, no one will be here to help you!
"Kairagi" Leader: Well, aren't you a talker yourself? You're welcome to try!
"Kairagi" Leader: You? Hah, aren't you that brat from before? What, are you here to add something to my collection again?'
"Kairagi": Agh! P-Please, spare me! Where did you get this kind of help...
"Kairagi": At once!
"Kairagi": It's you again? You barely escaped that last time and you're back for more?
"Kairagi": Let's go everyone! Take them down!
"Kairagi": N—No, please! Please stop! I—I didn't say I wouldn't say anything! We don't have to get this violent!
"Kairagi": P—Please, good sirs, I've told you...
"Kairagi": Th-That weapon was taken by our boss as part of his collection. If you want it you can just go to the camp over there to get it from him!
"Kairagi": This...
"Kairagi": You've brought a sidekick as well... Hmph, seeing as you haven't learned anything, then we won't bother holding back!
"Kairagi": You... You're still all hung up about that...
Asakura: After I cut down that villain, I'll come and help you.
Asakura: After I ran out of energy, their leader challenged me to a duel.
Asakura: Ah, yes. Please take these as a token of my thanks. It isn't much, but do accept it.
Asakura: As long as they swarm me and drain my stamina, I'll be put on the back foot, and the same thing will happen again...
Asakura: As such... I shall be counting on you in the future as well to spar with me!
Asakura: But fortunately, I had you here to help me. I doubt that they would have capitulated so easily otherwise.
Asakura: Foul villain! Hand over my weapon at once!
Asakura: From your steady breathing, it seems that those Kairagi were no match for you.
Asakura: However, I mustn't make the same mistake as before. The Kairagi are numerous, and many of them are unscrupulous.
Asakura: However, our next stop is their main encampment.
Asakura: I am grateful for your assistance!
Asakura: I am only here to retrieve my weapon. If you tell me where it is, I'll spare you.
Asakura: I don't need help. I can cut you down, myself!
Asakura: I have faith in your skills. Even if they decide to rush at you all at once, I still believe they'll stand no chance against you.
Asakura: I leave this in your hands...
Asakura: I was defeated by them last time because the Kairagi were able to use their numerical advantage and took turns in whittling away my stamina.
Asakura: In short, I'll be leaving things to you.
Asakura: Indeed, I owe you thanks, but I cannot rest yet.
Asakura: Let us go and defeat them.
Asakura: More importantly, I have defeated him myself and reclaimed my weapon. I am henceforth free from the stain of that humiliation.
Asakura: Much obliged!
Asakura: No. I am here for my weapon!
Asakura: Not much martial skill to speak of, but he was quite the runner.
Asakura: Now then, let us not delay things. Let's head off.
Asakura: Still, his wound was very severe. I do not believe that he will emerge to do much ill for at least a few years.
Asakura: Thank you once again!
Asakura: That's right! I've been looking all over the place for clues, and I've finally determined the location of that band of Kairagi!
Asakura: The Kairagi are just ahead.
Asakura: The Kairagi are ultimately a motley band who've banded together for their own selfish gain. Loyalty plays no part here, nor does conviction.
Asakura: The moment trouble starts brewing on the horizon, they will pack up and leave. This is all too common.
Asakura: The reason for this whole incident was my lack of training. I will continue to train hard and refine my skills.
Asakura: Therefore, I want you to accompany me this time.
Asakura: This time, I would like you to fend off the surrounding Kairagi while I challenge their leader directly.
Asakura: Today, I will redeem myself and take back my weapon!
Asakura: We'll follow our original stratagem. I will take their leader on, and leave the small fry to you.
Asakura: Well, at least you have some sense.
Asakura: Without their numbers, those Kairagi are nothing more than a rabble.
Asakura: You have my utmost thanks. I will slay him quickly and come to your aid.
Asakura: You're here just in time. Today's an important day!
Paimon: It seems like the Kairagi's leader is running away. That must mean Asakura won the duel!
Paimon: Look! Asakura's over there!
Paimon: Oh! Asakura is really motivated!
Paimon: While Asakura is dueling their leader, let's quickly beat these guys!
The Kairagi scurries away...