 (Shows Chisato's Letter)
 About Hiiragi Chisato's Letter...
 About Kamaji's treats...
 About Kamaji...
 Did you write this letter yourself?
 Do we have to go back again...
 Is your father very strict?
Kujou Kamaji: Father... He naturally has to be strict. I do understand why he's unwilling for me to communicate with Ms. Hiiragi.
Kujou Kamaji: After all, I am a member of the Kujou Clan and one of the enforcers of the Tenryou Commission.
 It's only a present.
Kujou Kamaji: Father doesn't want me to communicate with Ms. Hiiragi.
Kujou Kamaji: I understand his concerns. After all, I am a member of the Kujou Clan and one of the enforcers of the Tenryou Commission.
 Quest DescriptionChisato, lady of the Hiiragi Clan, which leads the Kanjou Commission, requests that you help her bring a letter to her sweetheart, Kujou Kamaji...
 Thank you.
 This is from Kamaji.
 Why do you want to go there?
 Yes I have. Thank you.
Hiiragi Chisato: You don't have to thank me. You should be thanking Kamaji instead.
Hiiragi Chisato: Eh? What's this? Treats, and... a handwritten letter from Kamaji?
Hiiragi Chisato: I guess you've delivered my letter to Kamaji? ...Did you manage to get the Travel Permit as well?
Hiiragi Chisato: I'm counting on you to deliver the letter to Mr. Kamaji then. Good luck.
Hiiragi Chisato: Oh, it's you, Traveler.
Hiiragi Chisato: Thank you for the hard work. Please accept these items as thanks for your help.
Hiiragi Chisato: Thank you, Traveler. I'll make sure to savor these treats. As for this letter... I'll read it with great care.
Hiiragi Chisato: Traveler, you've returned.
Hiiragi Chisato: Was it his request? These Tricolor Dango... He prepared them for me...
Hiiragi Chisato: Who knows... I might need your help again in the future as well.
Hiiragi Chisato: You don't have to thank me. You should be thanking Kamaji instead.
Kiminami Anna: But, I'm curious about who Master Kamaji will give these treats to...
Kiminami Anna: Hmm... Sure, here are the treats. Please take a look.
Kiminami Anna: Oh, I've already prepared the treats that Master Kamaji ordered. I'll bring them to you now.
Kiminami Anna: Welcome to Kiminami Restaurant.
Kujou Kamaji: A while back, Mr. Hiiragi Shinsuke presented my father with a batch of fine tea.
Kujou Kamaji: After all, I am a member of the Kujou Clan and one of the enforcers of the Tenryou Commission.
Kujou Kamaji: Also... Here's the letter.
Kujou Kamaji: As for the Travel Permit... As it's Ms. Hiiragi's personal request, I will naturally see it through.
Kujou Kamaji: But if my father finds out about my plans, he might be upset... Just as I was pondering what to do, you showed up.
Kujou Kamaji: Even though it is only a present, in some people's eyes, it's a lot more than that.
Kujou Kamaji: Everything is there. Thank you, Ms. Kiminami.
Kujou Kamaji: Father doesn't want me to communicate with Ms. Hiiragi.
Kujou Kamaji: Father... He naturally has to be strict. I do understand why he's unwilling for me to communicate with Ms. Hiiragi.
Kujou Kamaji: Hehe, but this time, you have the Travel Permit. You should have a lot more freedom than before.
Kujou Kamaji: Hehe, let's not talk about these trivial matters.
Kujou Kamaji: How about this. Can you wait for me at the Kiminami Restaurant?
Kujou Kamaji: However, I'll need some time to prepare...
Kujou Kamaji: I understand his concerns. After all, I am a member of the Kujou Clan and one of the enforcers of the Tenryou Commission.
Kujou Kamaji: I was worried that the delivery might take too long, and there might also be unavoidable bumps during the journey... So I specifically asked for this Traveler to deliver them.
Kujou Kamaji: I wrote a letter and also requested Ms. Kiminami to make some treats for me. I was planning to send them together to Ms. Hiiragi as a present.
Kujou Kamaji: I'll leave it to you, Traveler. I also need to go back and deal with official matters.
Kujou Kamaji: If I were to get close to her, it would be inevitable that someone might try to take advantage of our situation.
Kujou Kamaji: It's fine. This permit will make your delivery a lot smoother.
Kujou Kamaji: It's nothing more than a public relations gesture, Ms. Kiminami.
Kujou Kamaji: Let us move out of the way, Traveler. I have a few more things to say to you.
Kujou Kamaji: Ms. Hiiragi is the young lady of the Kanjou Commission's Hiiragi Clan.
Kujou Kamaji: Ms. Kiminami, can I have a look at the treats, please? I want to make sure I haven't missed anything.
Kujou Kamaji: My father knows that Mr. Hiiragi's beloved daughter Chisato likes treats, so he told me to prepare some as a gift in return.
Kujou Kamaji: Please deliver this letter and the treats to Ms. Hiiragi.
Kujou Kamaji: Recently... I was also thinking of sending something to Ms. Hiiragi.
Kujou Kamaji: Thank you for making this trip, Traveler.
Kujou Kamaji: This handwriting... It really is her... Thank goodness...
Kujou Kamaji: This is the Travel Permit. Please take it.
Kujou Kamaji: This letter... Did Ms. Hiiragi really ask you to deliver this letter to me?
Kujou Kamaji: Traveler, please wait at the Kiminami Restaurant for me. After I approve the Travel Permit, I'll bring it to you.
Kujou Kamaji: Ugh, when will I be able to go there myself...
Kujou Kamaji: Well... I want a small favor from you.
Kujou Kamaji: With this Travel Permit, you can freely enter and leave Ritou.
Kujou Kamaji: Yes. I tried to write this letter in a... tactful manner. I hope Ms. Hiiragi won't be offended by it.
Kujou Kamaji: You are... Ahh, you're that Traveler from abroad. What can I do for you?
Sanada: *sigh* What a headache... Hi there, is there anything you want?
Sanada: Are you talking about Master Kamaji? What do you want from him?
Sanada: I think... You should talk to Master Kamaji directly. He's been taking walks near the bridge recently.
Sanada: If this letter is really from that Hiiragi Chisato...
Sanada: You said this letter is from Ms. Hiiragi Chisato?