 *Poof*? What do you mean?
 About the Memento Lens...
Hanachirusato: I'm afraid I don't know much more about this than you. Apart from the Hiiragi Clan's squandering of their divine gift, that is...
Hanachirusato: There are many sleeping Earth Kitsune in Narukami Island. What you may see before you, though, is most likely to be a small, special fox statue.
Hanachirusato: In the past, though they were weak in strength, they valued loyalty. If you look at them through the Memento Lens, you should be able to see some scenes from the past.
 About the other barriers...
Hanachirusato: Apart from Chinju Forest, there is a barrier in a place called Araumi.
Hanachirusato: Finally, there is a pit on a beach northeast of the Kamisato residence's courtyard. That is where you will find the final barrier.
 Goodbye.
Hanachirusato: "Our hearts drift with the clouds...."
Hanachirusato: If there is anything I can help you with, please do not hesitate to let me know.
 Guess it's okay.
 I couldn't find the ward...
Hanachirusato: In the past, the ward was guarded by the Sky Kitsune. But after everything changed, the Sky and Earth Kitsune eventually refused to show up, instead sleeping and waiting for her return.
Hanachirusato: If you want to find the ward, look for the Sky Kitsune around the seal... that should be a special fox statue. If you're having difficulties, try to find the Earth Kitsune nearby, or use that Lens to see if there are any clues.
 Quest DescriptionHanachirusato says that in order to complete the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual, one must break the barrier in 5 places and destroy the "defilement incarnate" that will then come forth. Besides Konda Village and the abandoned shrine, there are three other places where the barrier surrounds the Thunder Sakura roots: Chinju Forest, Araumi, and below the tidal flats outside the Kamisato Estate. She says that she will await you at the Thunder Sakura root below the well in Konda Village.
 Quite the breeze, eh?
 That was quite the ordeal.
 Well, I'm the only tired one here...
Paimon: Hey, Paimon's been cheering you on really hard, okay?
Hanachirusato: "Our hearts drift with the clouds...."
Hanachirusato: Ah. We meet again.
Hanachirusato: Although it is a pity that we are unable to meet where the sun shines for now, the light from the Thunder Sakura, which symbolizes the divine, and the light from your aura are enough to illuminate this space. If there is anything I can help you with, please let me know.
Hanachirusato: Apart from Chinju Forest, there is a barrier in a place called Araumi.
Hanachirusato: Finally, there is a pit on a beach northeast of the Kamisato residence's courtyard. That is where you will find the final barrier.
Hanachirusato: I'm afraid I don't know much more about this than you. Apart from the Hiiragi Clan's squandering of their divine gift, that is...
Hanachirusato: If there is anything I can help you with, please do not hesitate to let me know.
Hanachirusato: If you want to find the ward, look for the Sky Kitsune around the seal... that should be a special fox statue. If you're having difficulties, try to find the Earth Kitsune nearby, or use that Lens to see if there are any clues.
Hanachirusato: In the past, the ward was guarded by the Sky Kitsune. But after everything changed, the Sky and Earth Kitsune eventually refused to show up, instead sleeping and waiting for her return.
Hanachirusato: In the past, though they were weak in strength, they valued loyalty. If you look at them through the Memento Lens, you should be able to see some scenes from the past.
Hanachirusato: There are many sleeping Earth Kitsune in Narukami Island. What you may see before you, though, is most likely to be a small, special fox statue.
Paimon: "Eek"!... Eh? Aw, Paimon thought Miss Hanachirusato would suddenly appear behind us.
Paimon: Anyway, guess we've finished the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual!
Paimon: Done! We're one step closer to finishing the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual!
Paimon: For sure!
Paimon: Found it! There's a fox statue with a ward right here!
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon's sure we'll get a reward. (Traveler), let's enter the barrier in the well in Konda Village to find her!
Paimon: Hey, Paimon's been cheering you on really hard, okay?
Paimon: Hey, this must be one of those barriers that the masked shrine maiden was talking about, right?
Paimon: Huh. Didn't Miss Masked Maiden say that we should go back to her after purifying all five roots?
Paimon: Huh? Paimon was thinking the masked shrine maiden would show up...
Paimon: I—It's t—t—too much...
Paimon: Paimon remembers that we gotta use Electro or zappedy-zap it to retrieve our ward...
Paimon: Paimon was sure that after this last one, she would, suddenly appear behind us with a *poof* and give us the treasure!
Paimon: Paimon's ready for that treasure... as long as it's not tanuki food again.
Paimon: P—P—P—Paimon's tingling all over...
Paimon: So where's the ward, then? Let's take a look with the Memento Lens!
Paimon: We walked almost the entire Narukami Island and even went to the bottom of the sea. Paimon is so tired!
Paimon: Well, like *Poof*! What else is it supposed to be like?
Paimon: Well, whatever the case, this is the fifth and final root.