 No need. We've sampled your work enough as-is.
 Quest DescriptionYou decide to take on this labyrinth challenge.
???: Oh ho, are you here to try my latest, greatest work, too?
Date: *cough* Regardless, since you now have both medals of recognition, the path to the secret chamber should now be open.
Date: A significant portion of us have already gone to live on Watatsumi Island up there on the surface, so there's plenty of real estate around here.
Date: Ah, yes! Since you've conquered the first labyrinth, here's your first medal.
Date: And that's why I borrowed "Hydrological Studies in Byakuyakoku." I meant to study the principles of load-bearing, the maximization of underground spaces, the avoidance of water leakage, and even some principles of geomancy!
Date: Boom-shaka-laka? What's that?
Date: Did you clear the labyrinth over there as well? Good, very good. Very impressive.
Date: Felt like?
Date: Hehe, it was super intricate and super awesome, wasn't it?
Date: Hey, wait, wait a moment! I'm not just some kid doodling on pieces of paper. I'm no mere labyrinth artisan either — I'm the second-best architect in the history of Byakuyakoku!
Date: Honestly, these labyrinths are just a means, not the end. What I really wish to do is serve the people, like Aberaku did.
Date: How did you find it? Any interest in trying my other "Heterodoxa"-style labyrinth? It's completely different from one made only from walls.
Date: I have also hidden my treasures in the vault ahead. If you obtain two medals, you can open the treasury!
Date: If you are successful, you can even obtain a medal of recognition that I made myself.
Date: Nothing! I mean to cordially invite you to challenge my grand masterpiece!
Date: Oh, come on now. This masterpiece was a result of abundant space, time, and funds!
Date: Place the medals in there, and you should be able to open the treasury gate.
Date: So, any comments?
Date: So, have you challenged my Heterodoxa labyrinth yet?
Date: The fact that you've met me means that you've cleared my first "Neopathos"-style labyrinth.
Date: The name's Date. They used to call me Daedalus, son of Eurydates. I'm a labyrinth artisan! The puzzle you just went through is my work.
Date: Well, and sorry, Ema, but I... might have left the book in the labyrinth's treasure vault...
Date: What did you think of it?
Date: What do you mean, "hehe"!?
Date: Whatever the case may be, take this key. It can be used to open the puzzles.
Date: Why, Aberaku no Mikoto, of course, bless his heart! If the Dainichi Mikoshi were to be second place, no other building could take first place.
Date: Wonderful! I look forward to your feedback.
Paimon: And who's number one?
Paimon: Heh... Hehe!
Paimon: How should we put it? It felt like...
Paimon: Huh. Wait. If you can see labyrinth from above, wouldn't it cease to pose any challenge at all? Well then, guess I'll just do this.
Paimon: It felt like it lacked a little boom-shaka-laka.
Paimon: Oh, okay...
Paimon: Oh, so you're the guy who had fun stumping us, huh? Alright! Bye!
Paimon: Oh... is that how it is? Well, we'll give it a try if we have time, then.
Paimon: Sorry, what were you muttering about?
Paimon: That's not a very rare prize.
Paimon: What are you, Enkanomiya's celebrity chef?
Paimon: What we think? Well...
Tablet Text: (The stone tablet has some intelligible words on it that say...)
Tablet Text: And because I lacked rhyme or rhetoric in my writing at the end...
Tablet Text: My father told me that everything we do should be backed up by mortality and brought forth with elegance.
Tablet Text: My father, Eurydates, gave me a few strokes on the backside with his crutches.
Tablet Text: Only within Evernight will the mechanisms to the labyrinth walls and the way forward appear, bathed in invisible moonlight as they are.
Tablet Text: That's why he said that I should use these words to record hints for my labyrinth.
Tablet Text: The mechanisms that control the solution to this labyrinth are hidden in its four corners.
Very Obvious Note: A labyrinth is a labyrinth, and a maze is a maze. The word itself is derived from "labrys," the "double-bladed axe" — so of course it should be symmetrical!
Very Obvious Note: During Evernight, the two sides of this labyrinth become symmetrical, and so the way forward will become clear.
Very Obvious Note: It's pretty orthodox, but there's a little avant-garde in there too! "The one who finally solves the mystery will create the labyrinth." What a romantic notion!
Very Obvious Note: Now that I've added a lock on this labyrinth, that old man can't bother me about my writing anymore.
Very Obvious Note: Such romanticism isn't something the old man, obsessed with rhetoric and rhyme as he is, would understand.