 Are you talking about Tsuyuko by any chance?
 But it isn't entirely without merit...
 How do you do, Granny?
 How much will it cost?
 Huh...
 I kind of understand the shrine maidens' perspective now...
 I'll take note.
 Is there danger up ahead?
 Oh, we'll help alright.
 Please be at ease.
 Please help me tell my fortune!
 Quest Description Does ancient plant life from the ocean's depths really have the wondrous power to indicate one's destiny?
 So, you were talking about the water source...
 Step Description According to Granny Komaki, Watatsumi Island is home to a cave that plays host to a water source most suited to nourishing the Spiritherbs...
 Step Description According to Granny Komaki, only water from the shrine's Offering Pool can properly nourish the Spiritherbs. 
 Step Description Find the most ideal water source with which to nourish Granny Komaki's Spiritherbs.
 Step Description Report the results of your search to Granny Komaki.
 Step Description Report the situation to Granny Komaki.
 Step Description The wishes within the Offering Pool's water will dissipate with time, so get it over to Granny Komaki as soon as possible!
 That's correct.
 The way forward...?
 This feels like a perfunctory explanation for a superstition...
 This is the "ideal water" you spoke of, yes?
 We've brought what you asked for.
 Well, we'll give it a go.
Granny Komaki waters the Spiritherbs with great care.
Granny Komaki waters the Spiritherbs with the "water welling with wishes" carefully.
Komaki: "You will find that fortune at the highest point in Watatsumi Island, in an ancient place dedicated to the gods."
Komaki: *sigh* At my age, I cannot quite be sure of the meaning of these words.
Komaki: *sigh* Speaking of our young people, I can only hope that they will return safely...
Komaki: *sigh* The young shrine maidens nowadays consider such things bothersome. They turn their noses up at these ancient traditions and generally refuse to help.
(If you finished The Moon-Bathed Deep Quest Series first)
 Are you talking about Tsuyuko by any chance?
Komaki: Oh right, there's that shrine maiden by the Sangonomiya Shrine who really looks down old folks.
Komaki: Ah, you've met her, then?
Komaki: Haha, that girl... She's a capable one, alright, but...
Komaki: Ah, I shan't say too much. Suffice it to say that young people will someday learn to respect the meaning behind traditional stories.
Paimon: Uh, what? Paimon doesn't get it.
Komaki: After all, everyone wishes for a better tomorrow, don't they?
Komaki: Ah yes. If you want to go there to draw water, youngster, please be very careful.
Komaki: Ah, I shan't say too much. Suffice it to say that young people will someday learn to respect the meaning behind traditional stories.
Komaki: Ah, by the way, the power of the wishes within the water will last a few days more. If you are willing, you can come by again anytime for another divination.
Komaki: Ah, thank you both so much. Come now, allow me to give this water to the Spiritherbs.
Komaki: Ah, then you must be some manner of traveler, then? Well... Would you like to stop here for awhile and divine your way forward?
Komaki: Ah, yes. If you go to draw water, do be careful... The power of these wishes will soon dissipate into the air once you leave the Offering Pool...
Komaki: Ah, you've met her, then?
Komaki: Ah, you've returned. Come, come, have a rest.
Komaki: Alright, I shan't nag. Now, as for the fortune-telling...
Komaki: And it also gives off a gentle, constant light, owing to having lived in utter darkness.
Komaki: And yes, where was I... Ah, right. There is another step to make the Spiritherbs more radiant still.
Komaki: As long as we are able to protect our peaceful lives, and as long as we can hold on to hope even during dark days...
Komaki: As long everyone  [sic] wishes to do something to improve on their present lives a little...
Komaki: As such, we use the brilliance of its light to judge if the wishes made can be realized, and the heart of this mystery is the water source.
Komaki: As the name might indicate, this plant once grew at the bottom of the ocean... which is where our ancestors came from.
Komaki: Before we begin, would the two of you mind helping this old lady with something?
Komaki: But things might get difficult if the water grows turbid, or if you are interrupted by other life forms...
Komaki: Either way, return here immediately and do not tarry once you have drawn the water.
Komaki: Even something as terrible as a war's aftermath may yet prove to be a small affair in comparison.
Komaki: From the Spiritherbs' radiance... The year to come will surely be a peaceful and abundant one.
Komaki: Good, good. Thank you both very much.
Komaki: Haha, ah, look at them...
Komaki: Haha, sorry, sorry, I seem to have gone off topic again...
Komaki: Haha, that girl... She's a capable one, alright, but...
Komaki: Haha, that's what the Spiritherbs say.
Komaki: Haha, you have my thanks.
Komaki: Hahaha, no, no, there's no need to be so worried. I apologize, it was a bit sudden of me...
Komaki: Hehe, no, no... Come, just listen to me.
Komaki: Hehe, of course. Everyone's "wishes" will accumulate within that pool and dissolve into the water, just like honey.
Komaki: Hehe, the younger shrine maidens often doubt the trustworthiness of the divining ritual. They feel that it is insufficiently official, or tantamount to spreading superstition... and other things like that.
Komaki: Hehe, this is what they call the wisdom of the local old folks.
Komaki: Hehe. Ah, youngster, you will understand someday.
Komaki: Hello there, youngster. From how you dress, you must be from outside the island, yes?
Komaki: Hmm... From the pattern of the Spiritherbs' leaves... You will have good fortune.
Komaki: I did not mean to imply that the road ahead would be perilous.
Komaki: I mean, how can our paths be encompassed by a mere few words? That is quite preposterous, of course.
Komaki: I wonder how's the divination this year...
Komaki: If those who man the shrines were to collect money over such a thing as "wishes," we will surely disturb Omikami's great spirit.
Komaki: In that case, you have my thanks.
Komaki: In this time, there is little peace to be found anywhere, and the young people of the village are busying themselves elsewhere. Seeing you youngsters come here does warm the cockles of this old heart.
Komaki: It is simply depressing beyond measure to watch as the Spiritherbs' glow grows dimmer with each passing day...
Komaki: Just like dreams flow away as the years pass...
Komaki: No one can see it, no, but they can tell by the sweetness and viscosity of the water.
Komaki: Nonetheless, I trust that you will understand it when you see it.
Komaki: Now then, water from the Offering Pool on this island's shrine is required to raise Spiritherbs. This is because the water there contains "wishes."
Komaki: Of course. This is the wisdom of us old folks, after all.
Komaki: Oh right, there's that shrine maiden by the Sangonomiya Shrine who really looks down old folks.
Komaki: Oh, it costs nothing. We do not ask for money over such things...
Komaki: Once this is done, do remind me once again... There is a [sic] another step required to nourish the Spiritherb and ensure the efficacy of our divination.
Komaki: Otherwise, the power of those wishes will fully dissipate, and the Spiritherbs will not receive proper nutrition...
Komaki: Simply put... There is a cavern to the north where the Hydro composition of the water is closest to the natural environment of this plant.
Komaki: So it is with memory, and so it is with faith... They all follow this principle.
Komaki: So then, would you two be interested in a little fortune-telling?
Komaki: Still... the wisdom of the ancients, the knowledge that was passed down from one generation to the next...
Komaki: That cavern is tightly bound to the secret of our ancestors. Unfortunately, with the recent war, few young people have gone there to draw water and nourish the Spiritherbs.
Komaki: That you are outlanders who treat the traditions of Watatsumi Island with respect is rarer still. Impressive indeed, haha...
Komaki: The color of the Spiritherbs has always been dependent on the moisture it gets, and the nourishment it gains from the wishes of the people.
Komaki: The concentration also differs from place to place within this cavern. Of them, the Hydro concentration you are looking for is something crystal-clear and transparent.
Komaki: The dissipation of these wishes, too, can be detected by their touch and weight.
Komaki: The divinations of the Spiritherb will always be efficacious.
Komaki: The efficacy of the shrine here in Bourou Village is derived from the "Deep Sea Spiritherb" grown there.
Komaki: The stem and leaves of the Spiritherb will only be truly at home, and thus display the vibrant of color of "wishes," when it is in an environment rich with Hydro from the deep sea.
Komaki: They prefer theories that are clearer and easy to understand, and lack fondness for word-of-mouth legends that tend to decay over time.
Komaki: This plant grows beneath the waters, so it needs a frequent supply of water to survive.
Komaki: This soul-light is the embodiment of those wishes — the better the wishes, the more vibrant the light, and the more hope there is in our future.
Komaki: Thousands of years ago, the progenitors of our village transplanted those herbs from the deep sea onto land and raised them very carefully.
Komaki: Under the care of generation after generation of our village's people, neither wars nor natural disasters, or even the great sorrow of our Omikami's martyrdom, have managed to destroy these long-lived Spiritherbs.
Komaki: Water source...? Oh! Hehe, right! Ah, just listen to me prattle on. My age really is catching up with me, isn't it?
Komaki: We are all mortals, after all. How could we dare to profit off the wishes of others?
Komaki: Well then. Will you help me draw some water or not?
Komaki: What I mean to say is, the shrine to Watatsumi here in Bourou Village is most efficacious, which is why I offered you a divination.
Komaki: While it may not be easily unified into some clear theory or another, it does still contain certain truths that cannot be ignored.
Komaki: Wishes drive and encourage people, and the results of their actions verify their wishes in turn.
Komaki: Yes, and this amount will do the job as well. Thank you for the trouble...
Komaki: You will find that fortune at the highest point in Watatsumi Island, in an ancient place dedicated to the gods.
Komaki: You're back.
Komaki: You're back. Is there something I can do for you?
Paimon: ...Can water really contain something like that?
Paimon: But y'know, it is kinda troublesome...
Paimon: C'mon, we gotta go — those "Wishes" are gonna disappear!
Paimon: Clean water, fresh outta the Offering Pool!
Paimon: Don't worry, Granny, we'll be fine!
Paimon: Eh, divining?
Paimon: Granny Komaki, we've brought the water you asked for!
Paimon: Hmm, how could you tell?
Paimon: Hmm, the water here doesn't look right.
Paimon: Hmm, this should be the water we're looking for. Let's bring some back to Granny Komaki!
Paimon: Hmm... How come Paimon can't see any of that?
Paimon: It sounds like you're just trying to bluff Paimon...
Paimon: Made it! Time to deliver the goods~
Paimon: Oh, so it's just fortune-telling, huh? Well, that's a relief!
Paimon: Oh, so that's how it is.
Paimon: Ooh, there was something nice here after all!
Paimon: Paimon also wants to know what sort of luck (Traveler)'ll have today!
Paimon: The water here's no clear... It's gotta be the slimes' work!
Paimon: The water's lost its glow, we've taken too long...
Paimon: This is pretty troublesome. Don't you have any shrine maidens to help you out, Granny?
Paimon: This must be the Offering Pool. Let's get some water!
Paimon: This should be that "lucky high place" that Granny Komaki talked about...
Paimon: Uh, is this about Mora after all?
Paimon: Uh, what? Paimon doesn't get it.
Paimon: Uh... So does this have anything to do with its... efficacy?
Paimon: Whoa, so many Slimes! The elements in the water are all mixed up now!
Paimon: Wow...