
Ishikawa: Huh, this person you speak of seems rather strange. I've never encountered such a person.
Ishikawa: That said, there's been an arrest warrant out for some reckless fool who actually dared to take the Shogun on. That certainly sounds a little like the person you're talking about.
Ishikawa: What does the wanted fugitive look like, you ask? Uh... How did I forget that? Really, now...
Ishikawa: But I'd stay away from that guy if I were you. What if they're the wanted fugitive? I'd focus on keeping my head on my shoulders if I were you.

Ishikawa: I've never heard of some strange guy like that. You're barking up the wrong tree here.

Matsudaira: This is a military camp, after all, and there's been an arrest warrant out and about lately. Things are really tight right now.
Matsudaira: Strangers like yourself would be wise not to stay here long, or some people might get the wrong idea.

Matsudaira: This is a military encampment, after all. If you tarry here too long, people might get the wrong idea.
 ...
 And where did you learn yours?
 And where's that place?
 Are you... okay?
 Do you know of a nameless samurai?
 Give me a second.
Nameless: I will let you prepare. Takatsuki Dougire and I will be here, no matter how long we must wait.
Nameless: Use your full strength against me once you are ready.
(Ends dialogue, does not advance)
 Hahah, I'm still a little afraid of you.
 Have you awakened?
 Have you looked in all your pockets?
Nameless: I already have, it isn't on my person.
Nameless: Even though I don't remember what I was after, I can tell when something's not what I'm looking for. Whatever it is, it's not on me.
Nameless: Come on, what is it, what am I looking for...
 How would I know?
Nameless: Ugh, I just can't think...
 Huh? I—I'm sure we've never met, good sir!
 I am no samurai.
Nameless: You have not sought out a master despite your abilities? Folly.
 I can try to help you.
 I can.
 I don't do that kind of thing.
 I just need the wine that he drank in the past.
 I understand.
 I'd like to know about his past.
Matsudaira: His past? As far as I'm aware, it's nothing particular happy...
 I'll head home immediately.
 I'll help you find that sword.
 I'll help you remember.
 I'm just a traveler.
 I've told you, I'm a traveler.
 It'll pop into your mind eventually.
Nameless: That won't do. I can't wait that long.
Nameless: Whatever it is that I'm looking for, it's definitely of the utmost importance to me. I need it back as soon as possible.
Nameless: I have an inexplicable feeling that the reason I am here in this place is to find that very thing. Failing to find it is not an option.
Nameless: I will strike down anyone that tries to interrupt me or stand in my way...
Nameless: Strike down... Wait, that's right! Brandishing a sword and executing people... it feels familiar, pleasing, hahaha, the surge of blood, like a river of red.
 It's a fine name.
 Let me think about it.
"Masanori": What? What are you waiting for?
(Ends dialogue, does not advance)
 Maybe it's for the best that you don't know.
 No, I have not.
 Perhaps you'll remember if you drank the same wine from back then.
 Please help him regain his memory.
Matsudaira: Eh? You know, I wouldn't necessarily call losing your memories of the battlefield a bad thing, exactly.
 Quest DescriptionA nameless samurai stands atop the windy sea cliffs, seemingly searching for something...
 So that's your name. Masanori.
 So we're not going to spar again?
 Step DescriptionThe nameless samurai has asked you to help him find the blade that appears in his memories, but he could only remember a vague location. He tells you of a hut beneath the cliffs on an island in the north, and behind the hut, he says, is a hill...
 Step DescriptionThe nameless samurai has asked you to help him find the wine that features in his memories, but he could only remember drinking it with someone else in a military camp. According to the observations you've made along the way, the camp could be located in the east...
 Step DescriptionThe samurai seems to be named "Masanori". He vaguely remembers seeing a blade on a Tidal Flat in the southwest. That could perhaps be the most critical part of his memory...
 The feeling is mutual.
 Think back to when you arrived here.
Nameless: When I got here? All I remember doing here is wielding my sword. As for why I was wielding it...
Nameless: Haha, yes, now that I do remember. I was executing someone!
Nameless: If you strike your enemy with your sword, blood surges like a river of red. It gives you a real rush, hahaha.
 Well then, have at it.
"Masanori": Let us cross swords.
(Proceeds to battle)
 Well, if you're ready to lose...
Nameless: Many have said this before Takatsuki Dougire cut them down. How many blows will you withstand?
(Proceeds to battle)
 What are you looking for?
 What's come over you?
 Where did they live again?
 Where did you drink?
 Who did you learn the sword from?
 You probably need to ask yourself that question.
 You should really just stop.
 You've remembered!
Nameless: I remember now! I remember drinking wine together with people... it was a long time ago.
 Your sword can't speak.
"Masanori": But I want to know. I must know. Please, I want to know... I want to...
"Masanori": But there was just this once, when he said something that... led to an argument, and so he left.
"Masanori": But where is he? Where did he go? We agreed to go home together!
"Masanori": Defeated by the same person thrice. How am I this weak? I have honed my martial arts ability from childhood to today... How am I so useless?
"Masanori": Hah, you are indeed straightforward.
"Masanori": He was my brother-in-arms, through thick and thin. Why would he just leave like that... Why?
"Masanori": I and Takatsuki Dougire will remain here, watching the sea and listening to the wind. We will be here any time to speak to you, should you wish it.
"Masanori": I doubt I will gain much from becoming obsessed with it, so it is best that I put it down.
"Masanori": I feared that fallen sword, and I fled from there, and ended up here.
"Masanori": I fought you to my heart's content four times, and discovered some shattered memories, obtained two swords, and a bottle of wine. I am satisfied.
"Masanori": I put everything on the line to wield my sword, but the martial arts that I so worshiped... they have been truly and pathetically beaten.
"Masanori": I saw a sword fall from someone's hands, and it wasn't Takatsuki Dougire. The sight of that sword sent me trembling all over, and my courage failed me...
"Masanori": I shall also be frank. I may be to you as a defeated foe, but if you are willing, I still wish to exchange pointers with you.
"Masanori": I... I fled here from the tidal flats in the northwest. That was where the battle took place.
"Masanori": I... I have truly been defeated.
"Masanori": Let us cross swords.
"Masanori": Moreover, the more I remember, the more I feel anger and a deep pain rise up from within me. Perhaps my past is indeed far from a beautiful story.
"Masanori": My head... It hurts... Please, I beg of you, fight me once more. Use your blade to help me remember. Help me remember everything!
"Masanori": Nonetheless, I believe it to be greatly fortuitous that we met. I do not regret it.
"Masanori": Remember, I have to remember, that sword... that sword...
"Masanori": Remember, I have to remember, that sword... that sword...
(Give A Masterless Blade)
"Masanori": This is that sword. Yes, that was his sword.
"Masanori": Useless... useless... I'm a useless samurai... Wait, I remember now.
"Masanori": Warriors make friends best when their swords clash, rather than when they talk around a table.
"Masanori": What did I do wrong? Do you know, samurai?
"Masanori": What? What are you waiting for?
"Masanori": Why was I so afraid of that sword? What happened there?
"Masanori": Why wasn't he there!? Argh... How can this be!!!
"Masanori": Yes, yes, I remember! I would often drink with the same person. He and I were like brothers, and we would talk often.
"Masanori": You need not worry. I lost control earlier... Never again will I raise my hand against you of my own will.
Ishikawa: But I'd stay away from that guy if I were you. What if they're the wanted fugitive? I'd focus on keeping my head on my shoulders if I were you.
Ishikawa: Huh, this person you speak of seems rather strange. I've never encountered such a person.
Ishikawa: I hope this fragile peace will hold out a little longer...
Ishikawa: I've never heard of some strange guy like that. You're barking up the wrong tree here.
Ishikawa: That said, there's been an arrest warrant out for some reckless fool who actually dared to take the Shogun on. That certainly sounds a little like the person you're talking about.
Ishikawa: What does the wanted fugitive look like, you ask? Uh... How did I forget that? Really, now...
Kujou Masahito: ...Mm, fair enough.
Kujou Masahito: Are you just here to look for someone? If you are, please leave as soon as possible.
Kujou Masahito: Besides, order is valued above all here in a military encampment. This is no place for civilians to walk in and out of as they please. Please leave quickly.
(After completing Amidst Stormy Judgment, while Traveler has an arrest warrant)
Kujou Masahito: Are you just here to look for someone? If you are, please leave as soon as possible.
Kujou Masahito: I've received word that some scoundrel infiltrated the city and attempted to ambush our Almighty Shogun. My forces have also received an arrest warrant for this criminal.
Kujou Masahito: Well, you've also got blond hair. Best you leave, or you might be mistaken for that wanted fugitive.
Kujou Masahito: Looking at your thin build, forget surviving a battle with the Shogun — I personally doubt you'd be able to parry my spear even once. I have no wish to involve commoners in these struggles unnecessarily.
Kujou Masahito: Still, you do look quite familiar.
 Huh? I—I'm sure we've never met, good sir!
 I'll head home immediately.
Kujou Masahito: ...Mm, fair enough.
Kujou Masahito: Hmm? Why is a civilian like you wandering around in the military camp?
Kujou Masahito: I've received word that some scoundrel infiltrated the city and attempted to ambush our Almighty Shogun. My forces have also received an arrest warrant for this criminal.
Kujou Masahito: Looking at your thin build, forget surviving a battle with the Shogun — I personally doubt you'd be able to parry my spear even once. I have no wish to involve commoners in these struggles unnecessarily.
Kujou Masahito: Serving no master, and slaying no foe on the battlefield. The person you speak of must be a ronin.
Kujou Masahito: Still, you do look quite familiar.
Kujou Masahito: There is no place in my army for such a person.
Kujou Masahito: Well, you've also got blond hair. Best you leave, or you might be mistaken for that wanted fugitive.
Matsudaira: *sigh* I always come to back to something awful whenever I think about the past. There's no point in nattering on, so I shan't.
Matsudaira: After that last battle ended, a lot of folks went missing in action, that guy included.
Matsudaira: As an old friend of his, I would like to help, but...
Matsudaira: As you can see, I have my duties here, and I cannot leave.
Matsudaira: Back when he was still in the army, he, a friend from his hometown, and I would drink together.
Matsudaira: But during that battle...
Matsudaira: But that guy? With his skills, I don't think any of those riff-raff from Sangonomiya could have beaten him. I thought he'd fled.
Matsudaira: But you look like a good person. I mean, you came all this way just to help him out.
Matsudaira: Eh? You know, I wouldn't necessarily call losing your memories of the battlefield a bad thing, exactly.
Matsudaira: He was a rough man who didn't care a whit about being excluded. He just threw himself into battle all the same...
Matsudaira: His past? As far as I'm aware, it's nothing particular happy...
Matsudaira: Hmm. Born into a fishing village, joined the army, and that manner of speech... I think I know who you're talking about.
Matsudaira: I never would've imagined that he'd lost his memories and become a madman who only knows how to wield a sword.
Matsudaira: I've got it. I'll give you my personal bottle of it, in fact.
Matsudaira: Strangers like yourself would be wise not to stay here long, or some people might get the wrong idea.
Matsudaira: The General at the time quite liked him, and raised both him and his hometown friend to the rank of Hatamoto.
Matsudaira: The Sangonomiya rebels are just riff-raff.
Matsudaira: They were both of lowly birth, and would often be ostracized by those fools from richer families.
Matsudaira: This is a military camp, after all, and there's been an arrest warrant out and about lately. Things are really tight right now.
Matsudaira: This is a military encampment, after all. If you tarry here too long, people might get the wrong idea.
Matsudaira: Usually, people who end up unaccounted for have either deserted or... you know, bought the farm.
Matsudaira: Well then, were you here to ask about him, or did you want to do something else?
Matsudaira: Well, you have the wine. If there's nothing else, best you take your leave.
Matsudaira: Wine... That's all you need, then?
Nameless: "Masanori"... "Masanori"... is that my name?
Nameless: ...
Nameless: A samurai's word is his bond. I will wait here for you until you have brought me those swords.
Nameless: Again! We will go again! I will not lose this time!
Nameless: Ah, it's been a while since I brandished my blade. I can hear Takatsuki Dougire complaining.
Nameless: And this bottle, I remember it. It has to be...
Nameless: Aw, listen, she's calling out because she wants to cut you into pieces, hahaha. Having a duel with you would make her very happy indeed.
Nameless: But not knowing even my own name, I cannot do anything but wander the world like a ghost. How can you help me?
Nameless: But who were "they"? Ugh, my head hurts. I can't... remember...
Nameless: But... I cannot die. No matter how many swordsmen or ronin came to challenge me, I was never defeated.
Nameless: Come on, what is it, what am I looking for...
Nameless: Come, draw your weapon and try your chances against me.
Nameless: Curses! Curses! CURSES!
Nameless: Curses, curses! Why can't I remember?
Nameless: Did you find the wine?
(Give the A Jug of Wine)
Nameless: Didn't you say that you would help me? Then please, help me find those two sword-wielding children, and bring me their swords. I... I think their swords may be related to me somehow.
Nameless: Do all true masters hide their true selves like this? Never mind. I shall not pry.
Nameless: Even if one begins training hard from an early age, they cannot receive accurate instruction if they cannot pay a master to tutor them. They will have to go through many more twists and turns than the average person.
Nameless: Even though I don't remember what I was after, I can tell when something's not what I'm looking for. Whatever it is, it's not on me.
Nameless: For now, let's leave aside the question of what I was looking for. I've tired myself out thinking about it for so long, and now I need to relax.
Nameless: Hah. I say, as long as it can slay foes in battle, it is a good blade.
Nameless: Haha! I draw my sword to kill. You do not?
Nameless: Haha, yes, now that I do remember. I was executing someone!
Nameless: Have you found the swords?
(Give A Discarded Blade)
Nameless: He would take this bottle, and he would say: "Come on, Masanori, have another!"
Nameless: Heh, unwilling to say, are you? It matters little. I remember nothing at all, so even had you mentioned your school of swordsmanship, I would not recognize it.
Nameless: Hey, do you know what I'm supposed to be looking for?
Nameless: Hmm, it must have been a few days by now. Well, at least you're here today.
Nameless: How strange... My body remembers this refreshing feeling as well.
Nameless: I already have, it isn't on my person.
Nameless: I am defeated.
Nameless: I do not know if I have family, or where my hometown is. There is nowhere for me to go but here.
Nameless: I have an inexplicable feeling that the reason I am here in this place is to find that very thing. Failing to find it is not an option.
Nameless: I have cut countless people down, and have never once lost. Now that I have tasted defeat at your hands... I have bet and lost. I shall have no regrets even if it has cost me my life.
Nameless: I only feel familiarity and peace with my sword in hand. Someone as lost as I must be doomed to wander this wasteland.
Nameless: I remember how I felt then. Mora and honor could all be gained by the sword. As long as I had the last laugh at the end of the raging battle, what did anything else matter? To the victor go the spoils!
Nameless: I remember now! I remember drinking wine together with people... it was a long time ago.
Nameless: I remember now, they would be mocked by others for not being able to afford swords made by famous smiths, and for using junk.
Nameless: I remember that the wine we drank before wasn't like this. It only had the taste of excitement and joy.
Nameless: I remember that we were inside a great encampment. Men armed and dressed in armor were all around us.
Nameless: I remember. This... one of the two children used this sword.
Nameless: I think... I think I remember something. Two children wielding swords and sparring, next to their family homes... a hut...
Nameless: I will let you prepare. Takatsuki Dougire and I will be here, no matter how long we must wait.
Nameless: I will strike down anyone that tries to interrupt me or stand in my way...
Nameless: I'm looking for... for... I've forgotten. Each time I think I'm about to remember it, it disappears from my mind.
Nameless: I... I am in your debt. Perhaps I shall indeed remember my past if I drank the same wine that I did back then.
Nameless: If you strike your enemy with your sword, blood surges like a river of red. It gives you a real rush, hahaha.
Nameless: It has been so long since I felt this fulfilled. Discarding all pointless thought and giving myself over to the blade.
Nameless: It's almost like... I could gain acceptance, own everything in this world... when I was wielding my sword, when my all was focused on winning victory.
Nameless: Let us duel once more, you and I.
Nameless: Many have said this before Takatsuki Dougire cut them down. How many blows will you withstand?
Nameless: My lineage... I no longer recall it, but it could not have come from nowhere.
Nameless: On this path, there is little hope for those who have no background at all.
Nameless: Samurai, have you ever been on the battlefield?
Nameless: Strike down... Wait, that's right! Brandishing a sword and executing people... it feels familiar, pleasing, hahaha, the surge of blood, like a river of red.
Nameless: That child, he and his friend sneaked off to the smelting plant to obtain two identical swords that the smiths had discarded.
Nameless: That won't do. I can't wait that long.
Nameless: The finest of blades were made there, but these two were of an inferior make, so those two children...
Nameless: The only connection I have to that past is my swordsmanship.
Nameless: The spoils, the glory... So, I had such moments of satisfaction in my time, did I? When I was crowned with honor, acknowledged by my superiors, when the wine flowed freely...
Nameless: They would take the steps behind the house to the slope to spar... Their blades might still be there.
Nameless: They would train with every ounce of sweat in their body, and after many wounds and much persistence, they would gain a foundation... and yet they would still be mocked.
Nameless: This wine... it's bitter. That's not right.
Nameless: Those who are only swordsmen in name... They fled, or they were all cut down. Hahah!
Nameless: Those who live by the sword know to listen to the voice of their blade. ...Hehe, she's nagging me to get on with it again.
Nameless: Though it be inferior, they would cherish it, and even give the blade a name.
Nameless: Ugh, I just can't think...
Nameless: Use your full strength against me once you are ready.
Nameless: Wait... Why... Why does this all feel so familiar?
Nameless: We said something then... No, I can't remember it.
Nameless: We took names and won glory... Should we not have been pleased with ourselves? And yet, why does this wine go down my throat so bitterly?
Nameless: Whatever it is that I'm looking for, it's definitely of the utmost importance to me. I need it back as soon as possible.
Nameless: When I got here? All I remember doing here is wielding my sword. As for why I was wielding it...
Nameless: When was my sword last stained red?
Nameless: Which school do you belong to?
Nameless: Who did I drink with... what did we say...
Nameless: Who in this world is born bearing gold and jade? Nor does the battlefield distinguish between the noble and the lowly.
Nameless: Who was I? What did I do before drifting here? I... no longer remember any of these things.
Nameless: Who were those two children? Ugh, my head hurts. I can't... remember...
Nameless: Why? Why can't I find it?
Nameless: Will you not tell me where you learned your swordsmanship from?
Nameless: Wine... wine... How could I forget the wine I drank under the moonlight with my companions? I miss that taste.
Nameless: Without a friend by their side, they would not be able to go on...
Nameless: Without a good sword, they can only go to the smelting plant to look for a discarded, inferior blade.
Nameless: Yes, that's right. I once wielded this sword to sunder many armored bodies.
Nameless: Yes... they lived in a hut in the fishing village to the north... the hut was under a cliff, and surrounded by sea on all sides.
Nameless: You are the only one who has managed to defeat me... Curses. Curses! How did I lose?
Nameless: You can't hear Takatsuki Dougire's voice? What a pity.
Nameless: You fight strangely, and your bearing is far from normal. Not at all like those who I cut down.
Nameless: You have defeated me... again.
Nameless: You have not sought out a master despite your abilities? Folly.
Nameless: You should. One strike, and one strike only, is all it takes for someone to fall, whether they be a mighty general or a lowly ashigaru! Hahaha.
Nameless: You'll... you'll help me find that wine?
Paimon: Armored and armed men... does he mean soldiers from an army camp?
Paimon: Do you really think the kids that the weird samurai mentioned live here?
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon's got no idea what happened here. Let's just take this sword back to him, shall we?
Paimon: If we head east from here, we'll reach some land that's mostly flat. Maybe that's where the camp is.
Paimon: That samurai said that there'd be two kids here, so there should be two swords. But we've only found one... was the other one taken away?
Paimon: This place sure looks abandoned...
Paimon: We haven't seen any sword-wielding kids at all. All we've got is this sword stuck in the ground, all by itself.