 And what does this plan entail, exactly?
 Quest DescriptionSomething seems to be troubling Sakuya the florist...
 What sort of flowers?
 What's ikebana?
Sakuya: Even for someone who loves ikebana like me, it is a most tiring job...
Sakuya: Hello there! How would you like to grow some flowers of your very own?
Sakuya: I call this plan... "Dreams of Bloom"!
Sakuya: I used to have a storefront in the city, but the streets were far too noisy for me to concentrate on my work.
Sakuya: If you're interested in giving it a try, just let me know. Growing and arranging flowers are both very interesting indeed, you know?
Sakuya: In simple terms, you can consider ikebana the act of carefully cutting and processing flowers and other plants before arranging them in a suitable fashion...
Sakuya: In specific, however, you need to take care to grasp the current state of the plants and trim the less presentable parts of them away...
Sakuya: It's a quieter spot for sure, though I do get less business...
Sakuya: Moreover, your arrangement and placement must be suited to their environment, even down to the angle at which the flowers extend outward...
Sakuya: My name is Sakuya, and I'm a gardener who also runs a little business regarding flowers on the side.
Sakuya: Oh, interested, are we? Don't worry about not understanding everything at first, let me explain it to you in brief.
Sakuya: Oh, you're not familiar? Ikebana is a very important art in Inazuma.
Sakuya: So I closed the shop, and now I just receive customers next to my flower field.
Sakuya: Specifically, it is about allowing customers to grow their own flowers and then create their own unique flower arrangements.
Sakuya: These details must be given fastidious consideration, and can be a cumbersome process indeed.
Sakuya: Well, I call it a business, but really, I just send people flowers most of the time, or I help some store with ikebana...
Sakuya: Which is why I've specially devised a promotion plan to advertise my shop, "Sakuya's Flowers."