
During the Thunder Sojourn event, Travelers can challenge the "Automaton Front" Domain. Defeat the Perpetual Mechanical Array to obtain precious Thunder Crystal.
Mechanisms such as Thunder Dwellings and Nimbus Gems will appear within this Domain. Use them wisely to defeat your opponents more easily!
 Can you tell me anything about these ruins?
 Do you know anything about those mysterious machines?
 Find anything new?
 Not back below decks yet?
 Quest DescriptionThe prep work is complete. Now all that is left is to head into the ruins to confront those mysterious ancient machines...
 These components look rather sinister.
 What's the matter?
 Who would want this stuff, anyway...
 You're hopeless...
 You're still here?
During the Thunder Sojourn event, Travelers can challenge the "Automaton Front" Domain. Defeat the Perpetual Mechanical Array to obtain precious Thunder Crystal.
Mechanisms such as Thunder Dwellings and Nimbus Gems will appear within this Domain. Use them wisely to defeat your opponents more easily!
Muzhen: "Stop cooping yourself up in your cabin. Get some of that sea breeze, it'll do you some good." Hmph, he should just speak for himself!
Muzhen: *yawn* So sleepy... What's so good about being on land, anyway...
Muzhen: *yawn* Well, if there's nothing else, I'll be taking a nap now. Please excuse me...
Muzhen: After all, "the more the merrier" is the watchword here, both for us and for our client in Sumeru!
Muzhen: Ah, hello there Traveler! Thanks for your help thus far.
Muzhen: As a result, Sea Drake kicked me back onto the shore.
Muzhen: Aye, rather dangerous-looking, eh?
Muzhen: But to me, those were no different from the ghost stories they tell to scare children.
Muzhen: Haha, this is the place!
Muzhen: Haha. I just don't normally get off the boat, so this ruin entrance is... well, quite a sight.
Muzhen: Hmm? Do you need to warm up or anything?
Muzhen: I grew up listening to old sailors tell that tale, you know? They said that neither land nor sea could escape the reach of the Abyss...
Muzhen: I mean, only the terrors you can see are true, after all!
Muzhen: I would guess that those ruins don't just contain these few machines, either...
Muzhen: If you're interested, you can continue to explore those ruins and pass any components you find to me. I'll pay well for them!
Muzhen: It's all thanks to you that we've got enough for the Captain to complete the order.
Muzhen: Nonetheless, I believe these ruins to be related to the great disaster that occurred five hundred years ago...
Muzhen: N—Nothing, it's nothing.
Muzhen: Of course not, we're so close! Let's head out right now and capture ourselves a Ruin machine!
Muzhen: So, could I invite you, experienced and skilled as you are, to take the lead?
Muzhen: S—Still, the Captain's order still needs completing. I'm sure you're really curious as to what treasures lie within as well, aren't you, Traveler?
Muzhen: They aren't like those traveling scholars who wander about outdoors. I believe they're people more akin to myself — technical experts who spend most of their time in their studies researching items.
Muzhen: To think that there would be underground ruins here too... *gulp*
Muzhen: Well, I'm a Technical Officer, so I don't know much about world history, I'm afraid.
Muzhen: Well, looks like we've finally located our target! Great! Guess I can go back to the ship and get some sleep!
Muzhen: Well, our next objective is Sumeru, and I suppose only those weird researchers would study these things, anyway.
Muzhen: Yes. My share of the work's basically done. I'm only needed again once the cargo inspection has been completed.
Paimon: *sigh* Well, never mind. Let's follow her!
Paimon: Huh, and here Paimon thought you were going to return to the ship!
Paimon: Really? Paimon doesn't think so.
Paimon: That she is! Come on, Traveler, lets [sic] go!
Paimon: What? You're gonna leave just like that?
Paimon: You don't look so good. Are you unwell?