 ...A disturbance to the peace?
 ...Far too intense?
 A fertilizer specialist from Sumeru.
Alrani: Hello there, I'm Alrani... Wait a moment. A fertilizer specialist?
Alrani: I... I just learned a little about them.
 A fertilizer... salesperson?
 Alrani?
 Alright.
 An assistant Gorou found you.
Alrani: Hello, I'm Alrani...
 Did something go wrong during the process?
Iwata: Pile the materials up, cover with branches to maintain their temperature. No, this should be correct...
 Do remember to pile the fertilizer further away.
 Do you have the wrong ingredients by any chance?
Iwata: Crops, animal excrement, branches and leaves... Should be correct. That's what I've heard, at least.
 Doesn't seem like there's anything else to do.
 Graduation begets character growth...
 Graduation equals strong motivation...
 It might be because of that pile of fertilizer, you know...
 Let's... adjourn to someplace a little further away...
 Oh, it's you...
 On patrol, Gorou?
 Quest DescriptionIwata of Watatsumi Island appears to be having some troubles...
 She was arrested by some soldiers...
 She'll be fine!
 Something the matter?
 Sure.
 That's correct.
 This is about Alrani...
 Well, you could say that...
 You figured out how to make some yourself?
 You've got this, Alrani.
Alrani: ...What could I really dare to play at other than my thesis anyway...
Alrani: Eh? Are... Are you going to fine me? I—I don't have very much Mora on me...
Alrani: F—Fertilizer? Wait, I... I'm just...
Alrani: Hello there, I'm Alrani... Wait a moment. A fertilizer specialist?
Alrani: Hello, I'm Alrani...
Alrani: I'll do my best. This is for my thesis...
Alrani: I'm not! And I wasn't! I already told you, I'm a researcher! I was just collecting material for my thesis!
Alrani: I... Can't a researcher from the Akademiya also advertise for fertilizers? Just... Just listen to me for a moment, will you...
Alrani: I... I just learned a little about them.
Alrani: I... I'm just here to write a thesis. How in the world did I end up locked up again...
Alrani: It's a pleasure to be working with you from now on.
Alrani: I—I'll do it! I'll do it, alright?
Alrani: I—I'm not moving! You asked me to explain, and I explained that I'm really a researcher from the Akademiya!
Alrani: I—I've learned about the fertilizer at Mr. Vahid's... I'll get this done in one go, just you all watch!
Alrani: Phew... I'm saved... Thank you so much...
Alrani: This... Oh, this is going to be long story, isn't it...
Alrani: Traveler! Oh, this is wonderful! Please tell them I'm not a bad person! I'm just here to write my thesis!
Alrani: Uh... Ugh...
Alrani: Well, either way... The general they called Gorou requested that I assist you with your fertilizer research.
Alrani: Yeah, I'll do my best.
Everyone leaves the fertilizer pile...
Gorou: Ah, yes. Please remind Iwata to, uh, move his fertilizer a bit further away.
Gorou: Alright, let's do that.
Gorou: Alright, then there's no problem.
Gorou: And as for her status as a "researcher from Sumeru," that's something you only heard from her, isn't it?
Gorou: Basically. Either way, Iwata, could you please dispose of that fertilizer? We'll try to help you find some other way.
Gorou: Bring Kaushik back with you. The sooner the better...
Gorou: But given what you've said, you're only acquaintances at best.
Gorou: But if she's got your guarantee, I'd wager that she isn't a bad person...
Gorou: But... Um, can you researchers just freely leave the Akademiya?
Gorou: Does "graduating" really drive researchers from Sumeru this far up the wall...
Gorou: Fertilizer this, fertilizer that... What is it with me and fertilizer today...
Gorou: Hiroyuki, Ookubo, this matter is settled. Go attend to your own duties.
Gorou: Hmm... I'm afraid that none of the evidence here is conclusive.
Gorou: Hold it!
Gorou: I'm here. What's happened?
Gorou: I'm sorry, Miss Alrani. We mistook you for someone suspicious.
Gorou: I've got it. I'll be with you shortly. Head back first and help to maintain order.
Gorou: I... Uh, never mind that first.
Gorou: If you can help him produce some fertilizer that isn't also a public disturbance, then you're free to do search here, just like Mr. Kaushik.
Gorou: Is this pile of... stuff your doing?
Gorou: Is this the person?
Gorou: It's up to you then. Come back as quickly as possible.
Gorou: Iwata, I've heard that you've been researching fertilizer, but the way that you're going about it is...
Gorou: Iwata, please deal with the matter of the fertilizer. We'll discuss this further later.
Gorou: Just in case of any incidents, I'll stay here and guard this... fertilizer saleswoman.
Gorou: Lately, a lot of residents have been complaining of a terrifying stench nearby...
Gorou: Mr. Kaushik, you know Alrani?
Gorou: So for safety, I came to investigate, and wound up following the smell all the way here.
Gorou: That actually sounds like a decent plan. Traveler, could we trouble you to bring Kaushik here?
Gorou: That said, while we have cleared your name, your barging into Watatsumi Island like this has made no shortage of trouble for us.
Gorou: That's how I found you.
Gorou: Traveler, why don't you come with me?
Gorou: Wait! Hold on a moment. I'm not here for that. Wait, actually, I am... But...
Gorou: Well, since you did claim to be a fertilizer salesperson earlier, and you're a researcher to boot...
Gorou: Well, then we'll call this a day for now. Miss Alrani, the fertilizer matter is in your hands. I've got some other matters to handle, so if you'll excuse me...
Gorou: Well, there is something you can do for us. We have a man named Iwata living here who's researching fertilizer. Miss Alrani, please lend him a hand.
Gorou: You know her?
Hiroyuki and Ookubo depart...
Hiroyuki: Cut the crap! Do you seriously expect us to believe that you'd walk into a battlefield over a thesis? You're definitely playing at something else!
Hiroyuki: Didn't you say that you're advertising fertilizer?
Hiroyuki: Stay right there and don't move!
Hiroyuki: What a suspicious character.
Hiroyuki: Yes, sir.
Iwata: *sigh* Fertilizers are much trickier than I thought...
Iwata: *sigh* I do hope I succeed this time...
Iwata: *sigh* I suppose I'll have to find another place to conduct my experiments...
Iwata: Actually, no... I asked around everywhere before coming up with this method myself.
Iwata: After a while, they say that the ingredients will undergo some changes and even blend together, forming a sort of fertilizer.
Iwata: Afterward, you cover it with a layer of branches and leaves and such to maintain the temperature.
Iwata: Ah, hello there, Traveler. Well, I... Um... I'm trying to make some fertilizer.
Iwata: Alright, I'm counting on you, Traveler! I'll make some preparations over there first.
Iwata: But I can't go to Ritou to purchase that fertilizer, so I tried making my own here...
Iwata: But no matter how much I experiment, these materials just won't come together. It's really strange...
Iwata: Crops, animal excrement, branches and leaves... Should be correct. That's what I've heard, at least.
Iwata: Eh? Mr. Gorou? I wasn't aware that you'd be passing this way today.
Iwata: Eh? Oh! Oh, I get it.
Iwata: Forget it. Let me just try again. Traveler, could I ask you for a favor?
Iwata: Given how much you've seen and learned, you might know what went wrong during the process.
Iwata: Hahaha, yes. This fertilizer was the work of our hands.
Iwata: Hehe, in that case, let's...
Iwata: Hmm? This person is...
Iwata: H—Help me! Traveler! Please!
Iwata: I heard from someone that someone from Sumeru has set up a fertilizer shop in Ritou.
Iwata: I was halfway through making the fertilizer when those monsters came charging up out of nowhere...
Iwata: I'll make another batch of fertilizer. Once it's done, I'd like you to check on it together with me.
Iwata: Is that so... That's great! If we succeed, then we'll be able to plant more crops here on Watatsumi Island!
Iwata: Making this sort of fertilizer requires some time, so please come find me in a bit. Until then, please help me watch that fertilizer pile.
Iwata: Mr. Gorou, did you come here to check on the fertilizer as well?
Iwata: Pile the materials up, cover with branches to maintain their temperature. No, this should be correct...
Iwata: R—Really? I've heard that this smell is a sign that you might have succeeded.
Iwata: So, Mr. Gorou, why are you here?
Iwata: Thank you, Traveler, thank you...
Iwata: That's so strange... But it's good that you showed up when you did.
Iwata: They say that these fertilizers have unusual properties. As long as you add a little when growing plants, they will grow exceedingly lushly.
Iwata: This doesn't seem right either...
Iwata: To get into the specifics, you want to mix some crops and some, ah, animal excrement together into a pile.
Iwata: Traveler, you're back. I've disposed of that pile of fertilizer.
Iwata: Well, in any case, come over here and have a look at the fertilizer. I'll explain as I open it up...
Iwata: Where did I go wrong...
Iwata: Yes, the pleasure is all mine, Miss Alrani!
Kaushik: After that, we left the Akademiya to conduct fieldwork for our own areas of research. I didn't think that I'd meet her here...
Kaushik: Alrani! It really is you! B—But why are you here in Inazuma? Weren't you supposed to be in Liyue?
Kaushik: Alrani's here? On Watatsumi Island? That's... odd. What's that girl doing here? Shouldn't she be in Liyue?
Kaushik: Alrani, this is a good opportunity to collect research material. Since you're here in Inazuma, that must mean that your thesis is still...
Kaushik: Alright, I'll continue with my research now. If you have any questions, Alrani, just feel free to ask me.
Kaushik: General Gorou, I can guarantee that Alrani is telling the truth...
Kaushik: I wouldn't call it "leaving freely." Alrani and I are both Driyosh.
Kaushik: Never mind that for now. Let's head over and help that reckless girl out...
Kaushik: Oh, you... you're General Gorou, aren't you?
Kaushik: The meaning of this totem... Hmm? Traveler? Did you have some business with me?
Kaushik: To us, wandering and learning are part of our research process, and as such, we are permitted to leave the Akademiya.
Kaushik: What? *sigh* Of course. Coming to Watatsumi Island under the present circumstances... Of course they would suspect her.
Kaushik: You know what the standards for graduation are at the Akademiya. If you can't graduate several years in a row...
Kaushik: You surmise correctly. Alrani and I are both researchers from the Akademiya.
Ookubo Daisuke: Do you remember Kaushik? That researcher who's been studying our island's culture and history?
Ookubo Daisuke: General, I'm positive that she's a Shogunate spy!
Ookubo Daisuke: General, if I may make a suggestion?
Ookubo Daisuke: General, we caught a suspicious person out in the outskirts.
Ookubo Daisuke: He's been here all this while, and his credentials are quite solid... Why don't we ask him to tell if this... fertilizer saleswoman is actually a researcher or not?
Ookubo Daisuke: I don't get how this person is supposed to look like a researcher.
Ookubo Daisuke: I thought that was awful strange, so I had this person detained. I thought that you might wish to see to her questioning.
Ookubo Daisuke: She was acting very furtively, calling herself a... fertilizer salesperson, or somesuch.
Ookubo Daisuke: Sir! General Gorou!
Ookubo Daisuke: When we caught her, she was sneaking around the place and wouldn't stop writing certain things down.
Ookubo Daisuke: Yes, sir.
Paimon: Ah well, whatever. Let's just go over there and see what's up!
Paimon: And... Eugh, what's that smell?
Paimon: Eh? These monsters seem really angry for some reason...
Paimon: Gorou's face is twisting up something awful...
Paimon: N—No, we've gotta take those monsters out first!
Paimon: Someone selling fertilizer? Paimon can't help feel like that's familiar somehow... Nothing's coming to mind, though...
You tell Gorou about Alrani...