 Any new commissions for me?
Katheryne: Indeed, we are about to begin a new round of ecological surveys, in fact.
 I think I know where we're going with this...
Katheryne: Oh? You've done such commissions before? That's great, then.
 Is it really such a powerful creature?
 Quest DescriptionRecently, more and more adventurers have encountered a floating elemental being. Inazuma City's Katheryne is releasing a series of commissions to minimize needless risks and lay the groundwork for further investigation.
 So this is preliminary prep work, then.
 Then I accept.
 You're mobilizing that many people?
Katheryne: Ad astra abyssosque, Adventurer. We're thankful for your arrival.
Katheryne: Due to the fact that Specters are elemental creatures, you should get optimal results so long as you follow the elemental guidelines recommended by the Guild when dispatching your companions.
Katheryne: Due to the suddenness and strangeness of this event, we know little about the state of these Specters or the amount of danger they pose to people.
Katheryne: Here, allow me to show you.
(Opens Spectral Secrets Expeditions menu)
Katheryne: I will update you with new information concerning the Specters every day. You can have faith that I will support you and your companions in any way I can.
Katheryne: Indeed, we are about to begin a new round of ecological surveys, in fact.
Katheryne: Indeed. These commissions would usually be quite tough, but I believe that you will see them done with ease.
Katheryne: Nonetheless, let me begin by explaining the situation.
Katheryne: Oh? You've done such commissions before? That's great, then.
Katheryne: Recently, eyewitness reports concerning "Specters" have been increasing at an alarming rate.
Katheryne: Thank you for accepting this commission. What we need you to do is quite simple, actually. You simply need to travel around Inazuma with your companions and observe the peculiarities of these Specters.
Katheryne: The Guild's understanding of these creatures is still very lacking, so we are currently mobilizing for an all-hands-on-deck investigation.
Katheryne: The form these investigations will take is very similar to the Expeditions you've undertaken in the past. We've already sorted out the various sightings of these Specters.
Katheryne: There will be special commissions in which you will have to go and perform an on-site investigation personally, owing to a lack of good intel. Once you've completed such missions, I will continue to organize the dispatches.
Katheryne: This is usually a very rare sort of elemental creature. As such, there must be some special reason behind their sudden resurgence.