
Chouji: Mm~mm! That's yummy! (Traveler), you have the potential to become a famous chef!
Paimon: Wow, it smells good! You know what, (Traveler), why don't we just open a gourmet kiosk here?
Paimon: Paimon's being serious!

Chouji: Uh... Ahaha, I've got to say that I've never tasted such... outlandish flavors in my life.
Paimon: Outlandish flavors? More like Abyssal ones!
Paimon: Come on, Chouji, don't force yourself! You're still a kid. You don't have to eat this stuff...
Chouji: Hmmm... You don't seem to have had that much experience in the kitchen, but the food's still really good. Thank you!
Paimon: Humph, The Traveler's culinary skill needs no praise! Hey, save some for Paimon!
 (Paimon, it's best not to ask.)
 About your mother...
 Alright...
 And he says he's never, ever seen a large sum of Mora...
 And what about your parents?
 And what do you need that Mora for?
 Aren't you going to find the Commissioner?
Chouji: Well... Thanks, but I won't. We don't trust the city folk.
 As long as you really do need help.
 But there are lots of pirates out and about.
 But we should also cherish the reliable partners we find.
 But where are you going to start?
 Don't worry.
 Especially greedy, simple-minded people.
 Gotta say, I'm a little peckish...
Paimon: *rumble*...Paimon's hungry too...
 He's exaggerating again.
 Hooray for Imported Poultry!
 How much do 30 pieces of crystal cost...?
 How much is it?
 I think I'll pass...
Paimon: Fool Paimon twice, shame on Paimon!
Chouji: Hehe~
Paimon: Geez, this kid is awful!
 I'll go check it out for you.
 I'll lend a hand.
 I'm all ears.
 I'm fine. Thanks.
 I'm listening.
 I'm sorry...
 If you ate this every day...
 Investigate
 Is it related to Washizu?
 It's Chouji's mother's offering...
 It's fine. I'm used to helping.
 It's the flowers your mother offered.
 Just a little exercise before the meal.
 Just call me (Traveler), kiddo.
 Just some simple instructions will do.
 Let me finish your commission first.
 Loneliness is inevitable.
 Look, Sakura Blooms...
 Maybe she hasn't left the island yet...
Chouji: I'll start on Yashiori Island, of course. Maybe I'll go ask the doctor called Yasumoto... But I think he hates me. He always hides from me every time he sees me from a distance...
Chouji: After that, I might go look for one of my dad's co-workers... I've heard that Mr. Kaji is still on the island. He might know something about Mom.
 No tricks, kiddo.
 Okay.
 Paimon, watch your step.
 Paimon, you tell him.
 Quest DescriptionChouji, a young land selling ore on Yashiori Island, seems to be hiding an unfathomable secret...
 So is that why you learned how to scam people like the grown-ups do?
 So long as the compensation's fair.
 So you want us to mine for you, then?
 So you've been selling ore alone here this whole time?
 So, is this your home?
Chouji: How is it? Not bad, huh?
 So, that's how it is.
 Step DescriptionChouji once mentioned that his mother would pray at the shrine. It might be worth a shot to check it out.
 Step DescriptionChouji's "treasure" has been buried in a rather plain place. The treasure itelf won't be too plain, will it?
 Step DescriptionFor the sake of some treasure, mining for ore isn't too much trouble...
 Step DescriptionGo talk to Chouji. After all, all troubles can be alleviated through talking to others, no matter how deep... You do believe that, right?
 Step DescriptionHaving finally obtained enough ore, you can finally go back and report to Chouji.
 Step DescriptionIt's not clear how you, the guest, wound up making food for the host... but this isn't a huge issue when stacked up against some delicious Imported Poultry. Really, it isn't.
 Step DescriptionPerhaps being Chouji's guest might be a good idea?
 Step DescriptionTell Chouji about your discovery. Shock his innocent little heart, why don't you?
 Step DescriptionThe treasure is very plain indeed! Why, that Chouji...!
 Step DescriptionYou can't quite put Chouji, a boy stranded on a lonely, war-torn island, out of your mind. Best to go check in on him again.
 Step DescriptionYou need to do a little more mining to get Chouji to open up to you a bit. Perhaps it might not be inappropriate to call this "soul-mining."
 Step DescriptionYou've finally obtained enough ore. Time to reap the fruits of your labor.
 Step DescriptionYour food's in the dock, and Chouji's the judge! How will your dish fare in his eyes?
 Sure do.
(Submit Crystal Marrow ×12)
 Talk about pricey!
Paimon: Might as well commit daylight robbery!
 Tell me everything!
Chouji: This dish is very easy to make! First, let's cut the Lavender Melon and boil it in water. Then, we crack the Bird Eggs and beat them.
Chouji: If you're confident enough with a knife, you can cut the melons into any shape you like!
Chouji: Next, put the Fowl on the chopping board and slice it down the middle into thick pieces. Then, we need to marinate it for a while...
Chouji: After that, we'll dredge the sliced Fowl through the flour... If there's too much flour, remember to pat it off. Then, we coat the Fowl evenly using the beaten eggs.
Chouji: Heat the oil — and don't forget to use a chopstick to test the temperature. You'll know it's ready once you see small bubbles gushing up from the chopstick.
Chouji: Then, put the slices that have been wrapped in flour into the pan and deep fry them for, um, three to four minutes. Turn the heat up until the skin turns golden, and then you can take them out.
Chouji: Don't heat the oil too much, or else it'll be overcooked. But if it's not hot enough, the oil will seep into the skin and make it soft, which will make it taste horrible.
Chouji: Take the deep-fried Fowl out and put it on top of paper to soak up the extra oil. Then cut it into strips.
Chouji: Finally, decorate it with lavender melon, add some homemade sauce... and we're done!
 That doesn't seem right somehow.
 That's me, everyone's little helper.
Chouji: Hehe, I mean, you look like a nice person. Someone a kid like me can trust, y'know?
Chouji: Besides, they've got this saying in Liyue, don't they? "The deal may be off, but our honor still stands." And we Inazuman samurai are the most honorable people there are!
Paimon: Whoa, isn't this little fella full of surprises...
 That's right.
 The Shogunate isn't poking their nose around these parts, are they?
Chouji: If not for the war, I would have had to participate in one of those "audits," though I don't know much about it.
Chouji: They say it's an obligation... But I don't like being with a whole group of adults. It's so boring.
Chouji: ...
 There's no treasure, is there?
 They'll be here.
 They're on the way.
 This island seems rather deserted...
Chouji: It used to be pretty lively on the island, but ever since the war started, everyone's moved out... even the mine's all empty now.
Chouji: Some moved north, others went south, and no one's come back yet... It's so quiet now.
Chouji: But that's not necessarily a bad thing, huh? It's annoying with too many little kiddos around, and I'm not a kid anymore... I mean, adults should look after themselves and make their own fun, right?
 We'd like to hear your explanation all the same.
 We've investigated the shrine.
 Well, don't we all...
 Well, how've you been?
Chouji: Not bad. Thanks for your concern!
 Well, if I may ask...
 What about your parents?
 What do you need the Mora for?
 What do you need those crystals for?
 What do you need?
 What does "risk premium" even mean...
 What was this place like before?
Chouji: ...You know, before the war, before the Shogunate shut down the mines... We lived happy lives.
Chouji: No one was starving. No one was poor... We'd share the food we couldn't finish with each other. Everyone would help to clean the rooms, houses... everything.
Chouji: The grown-ups all worked together in the mine, and they usually helped each other...
Chouji: Just like how you helped me, (Traveler).
 Which you'll then sell at a high price, I trust?
 Who now?
 Why did you change the subject?
 Would you take a Paimon for those goods?
Paimon: Hey! What's that supposed to mean?
 Yeah, I've got them.
 You little liar!
 You meant "make money off other people's labor" like an adult.
Chouji: Hehe, you sure got me there.
Paimon: Ha, you even admit it!
 You'd get sick of it.
 You'd make a good teacher, Paimon.
 You're a pretty talented cook, Chouji.
 You've got quite the appetite, huh?
Chouji: (Traveler)! I didn't think you'd actually come...
Chouji: (Traveler), if you've got family you're looking for, you should be able to understand me, right?
Chouji: (Traveler), you're a great adventurer, right? I'm sure this Imported Poultry is just a piece of cake for you!
Chouji: (Traveler), you're back!
Chouji: ...
Chouji: ...(Traveler), could we talk about this unhappy stuff later?
Chouji: ...I don't want to have to fight every day. I don't want to be surrounded by all this Tatarigami... I wanna get away from here. Leave this island.
Chouji: ...Okay, I got it.
Chouji: ...You know, before the war, before the Shogunate shut down the mines... We lived happy lives.
Chouji: 1.8 million Mora!
Chouji: After all, the mine's been shut down because of the war, and there's this Tatarigami or whatever causing a nuisance on the island. That's what the grown-ups say anyway...
Chouji: After all, we come into contact with Jakotsu Crystal all the time, and that makes people get sick after a while.
Chouji: After that, I might go look for one of my dad's co-workers... I've heard that Mr. Kaji is still on the island. He might know something about Mom.
Chouji: After that, we'll dredge the sliced Fowl through the flour... If there's too much flour, remember to pat it off. Then, we coat the Fowl evenly using the beaten eggs.
Chouji: Ah, speaking of Washizu... Can I ask you for one more favor, Traveler?
Chouji: All right, let's not dilly-dally any longer. Let's make us some Imported Poultry!
Chouji: And I get to make Mora just like grown-ups. Guess this war ain't all bad, eh?
Chouji: And then... Well, not that man. He's scary.
Chouji: And those crystals are too hard and heavy... I can't collect them myself.
Chouji: And... I don't want to be taken care of.
Chouji: Are you here to buy crystals today, too?
Chouji: Besides, they've got this saying in Liyue, don't they? "The deal may be off, but our honor still stands." And we Inazuman samurai are the most honorable people there are!
Chouji: Besides, this stuff contains a "risk premium," too~
Chouji: But I can tell you where it's hidden! You can trust me.
Chouji: But for some reason, I already knew that she was going to leave. Especially the day when the grown-ups were setting up my dad's tombstone...
Chouji: But now everyone's gone.
Chouji: But now that we're at war, the adults in the city won't be coming this way anymore...
Chouji: But since the mine closed, Washizu has become weirder and scarier... The way he makes offerings at the shrine has also become more and more... crazy, I think.
Chouji: But since we're going to make a poultry dish, we need some Fowl. We'll also need some Bird Eggs as a side dish.
Chouji: But that's not necessarily a bad thing, huh? It's annoying with too many little kiddos around, and I'm not a kid anymore... I mean, adults should look after themselves and make their own fun, right?
Chouji: But will you really help me?
Chouji: But you're my guests. I...
Chouji: C'mon, check it out! Goods of this quality used to go straight to the Shogunate. Get it at a discount here, Adventurers, and you'll be making weapons that'll cut through steel like butter in no time!
Chouji: Calm down! What I mean is that there's so much treasure and it's so heavy that I can't carry it all by myself...
Chouji: Come have a look at today's crystals. These were supposed to go straight to Tatarasuna!
Chouji: Could you... mine some more crystals for me, (Traveler)?
Chouji: Don't get mad, I'll make it worth your while. There's stuff in it for you, too!
Chouji: Don't heat the oil too much, or else it'll be overcooked. But if it's not hot enough, the oil will seep into the skin and make it soft, which will make it taste horrible.
Chouji: Eh...?
Chouji: Finally, decorate it with lavender melon, add some homemade sauce... and we're done!
Chouji: Go on...
Chouji: Haha, I get it. For you outlanders, so far away from home, it's gotta be hard to part with your Mora.
Chouji: Haha, alright. Now, let me introduce the recipe to you!
Chouji: Haha, don't worry. I won't run away.
Chouji: He's very scary. He always stares at my house from a distance and talks to himself. I always thought that he might do something bad to me... or to my mother.
Chouji: Heat the oil — and don't forget to use a chopstick to test the temperature. You'll know it's ready once you see small bubbles gushing up from the chopstick.
Chouji: Hehe, I mean, you look like a nice person. Someone a kid like me can trust, y'know?
Chouji: Hehe, let's try and make it, shall we?
Chouji: Hehe, you sure got me there.
Chouji: Hehe~
Chouji: Hmm, in that case, I'll just have to resort to "that"...
Chouji: Hmm, oh right... Can I ask you to help me with something?
Chouji: Hmmm... You don't seem to have had that much experience in the kitchen, but the food's still really good. Thank you!
Chouji: Hooray for Imported Poultry!
Chouji: How about this then... If you've got time, (Traveler), you should come over to my place. We can continue our talk there!
Chouji: How is it? Not bad, huh?
Chouji: I can't.
Chouji: I hope Mom didn't bump into him.
Chouji: I mean, I'll be making a loss! What do you say? You've never seen such an awesome deal in your life, am I right?
Chouji: I really do need Mora...
Chouji: I wanna leave this island.
Chouji: I want to go there and see if she's left any messages for me... But I'm afraid that I might bump into Washizu, so I can't get too close.
Chouji: I wouldn't if it was cooked by my mom.
Chouji: I'll start on Yashiori Island, of course. Maybe I'll go ask the doctor called Yasumoto... But I think he hates me. He always hides from me every time he sees me from a distance...
Chouji: I'm just a poor boy from a poor family. I've never seen a large sum of Mora in my life...
Chouji: I'm not a kid anymore!
Chouji: I'm used to eating those, but I can't just serve them to guests...
Chouji: I'm working hard to save money so that I can leave Yashiori Island, try more delicious food, and make yummy dishes for more people!
Chouji: I... But...
Chouji: I... I can really only give you this much...
Chouji: If not for the war, I would have had to participate in one of those "audits," though I don't know much about it.
Chouji: If you're confident enough with a knife, you can cut the melons into any shape you like!
Chouji: It used to be pretty lively on the island, but ever since the war started, everyone's moved out... even the mine's all empty now.
Chouji: It's fine if you don't want to buy it right now. I'll be around here anytime should you change your mind.
Chouji: It's fine. I understand.
Chouji: It's not like that... It's just that... I've lost the person that I relied on, and I don't want to rely on others. That's all.
Chouji: It's okay. You must be curious, I know.
Chouji: It's said that only one round-trip route to Snezhnaya is still open in Ritou... Maybe I still have a chance.
Chouji: Just like how you helped me, (Traveler).
Chouji: Later on, the adults who were calling Washizu's behavior crazy started disappearing one by one...
Chouji: Like I said... They're in a safe place.
Chouji: Mm~mm! That's yummy! (Traveler), you have the potential to become a famous chef!
Chouji: Mom should be searching for Dad... So I'm going to look for her, too.
Chouji: My mom always used to teach me to cook. This is the first time that I'm teaching someone else!
Chouji: My parents are both miners. Mined these crystals in my hands themselves, in fact! In the past, the foreman would collect everyone's ore and give it to the big shots in the city. Shove 'em all into boxes to be transported to Tatarasuna.
Chouji: Next, put the Fowl on the chopping board and slice it down the middle into thick pieces. Then, we need to marinate it for a while...
Chouji: No hurry, stay safe now!
Chouji: No one was starving. No one was poor... We'd share the food we couldn't finish with each other. Everyone would help to clean the rooms, houses... everything.
Chouji: Not bad. Thanks for your concern!
Chouji: Not that I've got much left now other than Lavender Melon...
Chouji: Now... I need to figure out what to do next.
Chouji: N—No, it's not like that... I just...
Chouji: Oh, I'm so sorry! I invited you to my house, but I forgot to cook... Sorry, that's my bad.
Chouji: Oh, Traveler, you're back. Did you bring the crystals?
Chouji: Oh...
Chouji: Okay, (Traveler)!
Chouji: Okay, I won't keep you any longer. I wish you a safe journey.
Chouji: Okay, thank you so much! I'll be waiting right here!
Chouji: Okay. So, here's my family recipe for Imported Poultry. Please have a look.
Chouji: Okay. The treasure is just next to the mine. You'll find it, easy-peasy.
Chouji: Okay... Then I won't waste any more of your time, I guess.
Chouji: People either left or got sick... There aren't many people on Yashiori Island anymore.
Chouji: People from abroad, come and have a look! This is the best Jakotsu Crystal in Yashiori Island!
Chouji: Relax, I wouldn't lie to you!
Chouji: See you again. Have a safe trip!
Chouji: See, such high-quality ore like this used to go straight to the Shogunate. Now, even adventurers like yourself can buy these unblemished gems, and at a fair price too!
Chouji: She didn't leave me any letter or note...
Chouji: She left.
Chouji: So we have to sell our own ore and earn our own Mora!
Chouji: So, (Traveler), you promised to help me before, didn't you?
Chouji: So... So...
Chouji: Some moved north, others went south, and no one's come back yet... It's so quiet now.
Chouji: Soon, I will head out on my own journey...
Chouji: Sorry for troubling you like this. You're supposed to be my guests...
Chouji: Speaking of which, Mom used to go to the nearby shrine to pray for my dad and I. She'd offer some Sakura Bloom petals there too.
Chouji: Take the deep-fried Fowl out and put it on top of paper to soak up the extra oil. Then cut it into strips.
Chouji: Ten days after it began to rain on the island, my mom left.
Chouji: Thank you for your hard work over these last few days, (Traveler).
Chouji: Thank you so much, (Traveler)!
Chouji: Thank you!
Chouji: Thank you! That should be enough.
Chouji: Thank you, these will do!
Chouji: Thank you. I haven't had this dish for a long time. My mom used to cook this for me. It was so delicious... no one could make it as well as her.
Chouji: Thanks, but I don't want to trouble you anymore.
Chouji: That day, my mom was very angry. I've never seen her that angry... My mom believes that my dad's still alive. I believe that too.
Chouji: That's right, 12 pieces, please!
Chouji: The grown-ups all worked together in the mine, and they usually helped each other...
Chouji: The grown-ups say that as long as I have enough Mora, even the Commissioner will let us go out to sea.
Chouji: Then, put the slices that have been wrapped in flour into the pan and deep fry them for, um, three to four minutes. Turn the heat up until the skin turns golden, and then you can take them out.
Chouji: They aren't rare ingredients, but with the current conditions on Yashiori Island... If you don't mind, Traveler, please help me gather these ingredients.
Chouji: They might even agree to take me out to sea with them.
Chouji: They say it's an obligation... But I don't like being with a whole group of adults. It's so boring.
Chouji: They're doing great, thank you for asking!
Chouji: This dish is very easy to make! First, let's cut the Lavender Melon and boil it in water. Then, we crack the Bird Eggs and beat them.
Chouji: This dish was originally taught to us by Xavier, who's an outlander in the Shogunate. According to him, it's well-suited to miners who need to replenish their energy!
Chouji: Those things I gave you are the only precious treasures I have...
Chouji: Treasure! A chest full of treasure!
Chouji: Ugh... Oh, I'll be honest with you. We're a mining family, so we were already very poor. And now that all these things have happened, life's gotten even harder...
Chouji: Uh... Ahaha, I've got to say that I've never tasted such... outlandish flavors in my life.
Chouji: Uhh... What explanation?
Chouji: Washizu, the head of Higi village. He used to be a very nice person... But now he's very strange.
Chouji: We've got enough Lavender Melon at home, so you don't have to give me any of those. We've got Wheat, too, which can be ground into Flour.
Chouji: Well, I've got various reasons. Which I'll tell you for sure, don't you worry! I just need you to help me out, please?
Chouji: Well, Washizu built some shrines on the island way back when. They were originally meant to pacify the Serpent's soul with offerings...
Chouji: Well, if you don't want to wait... How about this, then? I'll sell you the crystals you mined for half the price, and we'll split my earnings fifty-fifty!
Chouji: Well, just a moment, please. I'll go collect some ingredients so that I can make something for you.
Chouji: Well, let me see... Five crystals for 300,000 Mora, 15 crystals for 900,000 Mora, a batch of 30 crystals for... 1.8 million Mora. Thanks for your patronage!
Chouji: Well, my own supplies are running low. Scarcity drives prices up, y'know?
Chouji: Well, now I wish I wasn't stuck eating lavender melon every day. I wish I could eat poultry dishes every day.
Chouji: Well, see... It's not like what you think!
Chouji: Well, this is the recipe my mom taught me. It's her signature dish.
Chouji: Well... I guess I can seek help from the pirates, too... They don't get along with the grown-ups from the Shogunate, but they're nice to us.
Chouji: Well... I'm a kid making money like an adult, so I run the risk of discovery by the Tenryou Commission — that's what I mean by "risk premium"!
Chouji: Well... Thanks, but I won't. We don't trust the city folk.
Chouji: Well... That makes a lot of sense. I'll keep it in mind.
Chouji: What do you say? You interested?
Chouji: What we'll need is some Flour, Fowl, and Bird Eggs. Just ask me any time if you forget!
(Submit Fowl ×4, Flour ×2, and Bird Egg ×2)
Chouji: When we sell the crystals, we'll split the earnings fifty-fifty!
Chouji: Why don't you eat something, or drink some water?
Chouji: Woohoo! Alright then, Traveler, you can start now!
(Submit Imported Poultry ×1)
Chouji: Wow, didn't expect to see you again. Hello there!
Chouji: Yeah! I grew up, and started making Mora! Only kids are scared of being alone.
Chouji: Yeah...
Chouji: You see, it's that simple!
Chouji: You see, the mines have been closed due to recent events.
Chouji: You won't be disappointed, trust me!
Chouji: You're back!
Chouji: You're back, (Traveler)!
Chouji: You're back. Do you have the crystals with you?
Chouji: Yup. I won't lie to you anymore... but...
Chouji: Yup. They're somewhere safe...
Paimon: "Risk premium"? What do you mean?
Paimon: *rumble*...Paimon's hungry too...
Paimon: *sigh* You...
Paimon: ...
Paimon: ...That's why you want to leave?
Paimon: Agh, he tricked us!
Paimon: Alright then, time to tell us where the treasure is.
Paimon: And what's "that"?
Paimon: And you'll sell them, how?
Paimon: But didn't you that say your parents are here too?
Paimon: But someone did leave a lot of Sakura Bloom petals there.
Paimon: But that's terrible behavior! No one likes being cheated or used!
Paimon: But those are terrible people... They only know how to satisfy themselves by hurting other people.
Paimon: But you shouldn't cheat people like that, you understand?
Paimon: C'mon, we'll show him!
(Obtain Recipe: Imported Poultry)
Paimon: Come on, Chouji, don't force yourself! You're still a kid. You don't have to eat this stuff...
Paimon: Come on, it's fine! No need to be so polite!
Paimon: Eh, what are we now, free labor?
Paimon: Fool Paimon twice, shame on Paimon!
Paimon: Geez, this kid is awful!
Paimon: Ha, you even admit it!
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon's learned a thing or three from traveling with you, don't ya think?
Paimon: Hey! Don't just leave! We haven't said anything yet!
Paimon: Hey! What's that supposed to mean?
Paimon: Hey, didn't you say that you wanted to make Mora like an adult?
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon wonders if he really took in a word we said.
Paimon: Hmph, come on, Paimon was talking! Anyway, if you really need help, we'll think of ways to help you.
Paimon: Hmph, show it to us first then, or Paimon won't believe a word of it!
Paimon: Hmph, you little liar!
Paimon: Hooray for Imported Poultry!
Paimon: Huh, is that so...
Paimon: Huh...
Paimon: Huh... There aren't any traces here, either.
Paimon: Huh? What's this... is this it?
Paimon: Humph, The Traveler's culinary skill needs no praise! Hey, save some for Paimon!
Paimon: It'd be a shame to give it up... What do you say, Traveler?
Paimon: Kids should act like kids! They shouldn't be learning all these bad behaviors from grown-ups...
Paimon: Let's go back and tell him!
Paimon: Might as well commit daylight robbery!
Paimon: Oh right. Chouji mentioned that his mom would present this offering to the shrine!
Paimon: Oh yeah... that's true, you're right, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Only if you stop scamming people!
Paimon: Ooh! Treasure!
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon's mad now, he's looking down on us!
Paimon: Outlandish flavors? More like Abyssal ones!
Paimon: Paimon didn't know you were such a good cook, either! Ooh, Paimon's stomach is already rumbling just listening to those instructions.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't know what you've experienced...
Paimon: Paimon too!
Paimon: Paimon's being serious!
Paimon: Paimon's never seen a businessman this shameless, more like...
Paimon: Really?
Paimon: Safe travels to you too, Chouji!
Paimon: So what are you trying to sell us, here?
Paimon: So, where's that explanation we wanted?
Paimon: Sorry, Chouji. We couldn't find any more information...
Paimon: Thanks! C'mon, (Traveler), let's go!
Paimon: The kid is very grown-up for his age...
Paimon: There are so many petals here, too... This can't be a coincidence.
Paimon: This is place [sic] the kid mentioned. Time to start diggin'!
Paimon: This kid is so presumptuous!
Paimon: This kid seems super shady no matter how you look at this... but if there's treasure to be had...
Paimon: This kid speaks all funny...
Paimon: Unfortunately, your mother didn't leave any messages there...
Paimon: Well, Paimon's not waiting around for that. We'll come along and help!
Paimon: Who's going to help you, huh? You slippery little brat!
Paimon: Whoa, isn't this little fella full of surprises...
Paimon: Whoa, was this kid born an optimist, or is there something here that Paimon's not seeing?
Paimon: Wow, it smells good! You know what, (Traveler), why don't we just open a gourmet kiosk here?
Paimon: Yeah! Especially... Hey... Who are you talking about, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Yeah, are you going to leave your parents alone here?
Paimon: You don't wanna hurt other people, do you?
Paimon: You must have seen grown-ups lie and cheat to make money, and to manipulate others to do as they wish, right?
Shrine: (It looks like an ordinary shrine — there is a distinct lack of any strange elemental traces.)
Shrine: (Many Sacred Sakura petals lie scattered around this shrine, though it is not a natural scene. Instead, it seems more like someone intentionally scattered the Sakura Blooms here.)
Shrine: (The shrine is simple but elegant. Its wood shimmers slightly, greeting guests and their offerings with solemn silence.)
Shrine: This is probably the shrine that Chouji mentioned, huh?