 Are these the Sakura Blooms you've been looking for?
 Could you repeat that method of yours to me again?
 Have you finished it yet?
 I'm just passing through.
Xudong: Oh, is that so? Alright then. But if it strikes your fancy, it would be nice if you could help us give this barrier a bit of thought.
Xudong: Parvaneh found a method in her book.
Xudong: It says you need to touch a Thunder Sakura Bough before you can get through this barrier.
Xudong: But as for those Thunder Sakura Boughs... To be honest, we have no idea what they really look like.
Xudong: Well, that's the run-down of our situation. We're still trying to find a way in.
 Why do you want to get in?
Xudong: We'd like to get some of the Sakura Blooms inside ourselves, of course.
Xudong: I've heard that the Sakura Blooms here have the best mouthfeel, and are perfect for cooking.
 Quest Description You meet an odd bunch of people out in Inazuma's wilds...
 Step Description After finding and touching the Thunder Sakura bough, you successfully passed through the barrier and obtained the Sakura Bloom coveted by the group.
 Thank you.
Xudong: Don't mention it!
 That I did.
 The method you mentioned earlier...
Xudong: Oh? You're really going in?
Xudong: Well, that method was recorded inside Parvaneh's dictionary—
Parvaneh: I told you! It's not a dictionary. It's a travelogue from the Akademiya!
Xudong: Well, whatever the case, she found a way.
Xudong: It says you need to touch a Thunder Sakura Bough before you can get through this barrier.
Xudong: But as for those Thunder Sakura Boughs... To be honest, we have no idea what they really look like.
Parvaneh: There aren't any photos in this book either.
Xudong: I'm officially sick of eating grilled fish. If I can get my hands on some of those Sakura Blooms. I'm sure I can whip something nice up.
Xudong: I've heard that the ones here have the best mouthfeel, and make for perfect cooking ingredients. But why, oh why does there have to be a barrier here...
 What are you all doing?
 Where will you all be going next?
 Why do you want to get in?
After enjoying a sumptuous meal with the Traveler, the Gourmet Supremos leave...
Julie: Heh, if only it was just a bunch of monsters barring our path.
Julie: Heh, if only it was just a bunch of monsters barring our path...
Julie: If you could do that, never mind the payment, Xudong here will also make you some really awesome food!
Julie: I—It's delicious! ... If a bit too hot...
Julie: Urgh... I'm starving...
Julie: Woohoo! Guess we can finally eat now!
Parvaneh: ...Mr. Xudong. Is that really how you ask someone for a favor?
Parvaneh: ...Wait, I'm sorry, let me pull out my notebook. So, did you feel anything after the Electrogranum attached itself to you? And...
Parvaneh: After that, something known as an Electrogranum will attach itself to you, and that will allow you to pass through the barrier.
Parvaneh: Could you tell me where you found that Thunder Sakura Bough?
Parvaneh: Eh, allow me. Basically, you need to search for something nearby known as a Thunder Sakura Bough and touch it.
Parvaneh: Gr—Grilled fish... Ugh, let's just go back to the town and get an adventurer to help, or we put up a commission, shall we?
Parvaneh: I think so. That's what it says here in this book...
Parvaneh: I told you! It's not a dictionary. It's a travelogue from the Akademiya!
Parvaneh: Isn't that what you used to do back in Liyue when you had a problem?
Parvaneh: My book only mentions this one way.
Parvaneh: There aren't any photos in this book either.
Parvaneh: Ugh, I'm begging you, can you please not say that name out loud...
Parvaneh: Wait, you've already passed through that barrier? Did you use the method I told you about?
Parvaneh: What do you think I am, omnipotent!? Besides, this isn't a dictionary. It's just a travelogue from the Akademiya.
Parvaneh: When you touched that Bough, how did the Electrogranum come to rest upon you?
Parvaneh: Xudong, I believe that this "tempura" also needs to be served with a special dipping sauce...
Xudong starts cooking...
Xudong: A dipping sauce? Well, I must say that I haven't prepared one of those yet. I'll look into it next time should we get the chance.
Xudong: Ah yes, I'll give you a copy of the recipe too. Just give me a moment to write it down...
Xudong: Ah! Yes, that they are! And this color...
Xudong: And there we go! Sakura Tempura — try it while it's hot!
Xudong: Are you... an adventurer? A traveler? Or both...
Xudong: But as for those Thunder Sakura Boughs... To be honest, we have no idea what they really look like.
Xudong: But before that, just wait here with us for a while. I believe I'll be able to make a dish with the Sakura Blooms you brought.
Xudong: Don't mention it!
Xudong: Eh? *cough* Oh right. Traveler, if you could help us bring some Sakura Blooms out from inside...
Xudong: Fine. Just think of a way, please. Otherwise, we'll have to eat grilled fish again.
Xudong: Give me a while to prepare. It shouldn't take too long, so come find me in a moment.
Xudong: Hahaha, come on, it's fine! Anyway, Traveler, are you also going in to collect Sakura Blooms?
Xudong: Hey, Parvaneh, why don't you look up some other method in your dictionary?
Xudong: I wonder, how large must that tree have been to have so many leaves fall from it...
Xudong: I'm officially sick of eating grilled fish. If I can get my hands on some of those Sakura Blooms. I'm sure I can whip something nice up.
Xudong: I've heard of an Inazuman specialty known as Sakura Tempura. I suppose now's the time to try it out.
Xudong: I've heard that the Sakura Blooms here have the best mouthfeel, and are perfect for cooking.
Xudong: I've heard that the ones here have the best mouthfeel, and make for perfect cooking ingredients. But why, oh why does there have to be a barrier here...
Xudong: If so, I'm afraid you'll be disappointed. This place has been blocked by some kind of weird contraption. There's no way in.
Xudong: It goes like this... and this...
Xudong: It says you need to touch a Thunder Sakura Bough before you can get through this barrier.
Xudong: Julie says that she also wants to see that Sacred Sakura Tree at the Grand Narukami Shrine.
Xudong: Just hold on a moment... wrap it up in flour, put it in to dry...
Xudong: Oh, is that so? Alright then. But if it strikes your fancy, it would be nice if you could help us give this barrier a bit of thought.
Xudong: Oh? You're really going in?
Xudong: Parvaneh found a method in her book.
Xudong: Parvaneh, is there really no other way to do this?
Xudong: Parvaneh, please, give this Traveler a moment. They just helped us out... I think your research can wait a bit, right?
Xudong: Thank you for your help once again, Traveler. Well, I'm going to have a bite too. I'm starving...
Xudong: Thank you very much, Traveler. As we agreed, you will be paid.
Xudong: That was Liyue... We're in Inazuma now. We're strangers to this land...
Xudong: They say that all the Sakura Blooms on this island fell from that huge tree.
Xudong: This serving of Sakura Tempura is yours, Traveler. Please take it as thanks for your help.
Xudong: Try it yourself if you get the chance! Cooking is really fun, you know?
Xudong: Uh, Parvaneh, are there really branches like that around here?
Xudong: We'd like to get some of the Sakura Blooms inside ourselves, of course.
Xudong: We'll be in Inazuma for a while, so I suspect that we might head to Kannazuka later.
Xudong: We're the Gourmet Supremos. We're currently traveling around the world in a quest to improve our culinary skills.
Xudong: Well, forget it. Who cares? I guess this is fate.
Xudong: Well, that method was recorded inside Parvaneh's dictionary—
Xudong: Well, that's how it is, Traveler. Please help us, if you don't mind.
Xudong: Well, that's the run-down of our situation. We're still trying to find a way in.
Xudong: Well, we'll keep trying our luck around here. Let us know if you find some leads, Traveler.
Xudong: Well, whatever the case, she found a way.
Xudong: You should pay it a visit if it takes your fancy, too.
Xudong: You're really good at making these deals, huh, Julie...