 Alright.
 Curiouser and curiouser...
 I'm fine with it.
 Miss Tsuyuko...?
 Quest DescriptionYou have the four Spirit Pearls. It's time to report your progress to Tsuyuko.
 So, about your commission...
 Step DescriptionAfter a long journey, you have finally reached the enigmatic "Heart of Watatsumi"...
 Step DescriptionReport your findings to Tsuyuko.
 Step DescriptionThe place where Watatsumi's "heart" is hidden is but one step away...
 Step DescriptionThe seal of the "heart" seems to require both experience and wisdom to break...
 Step DescriptionUse the four Spirit Pearls to open the gate to the "heart."
 We'll meet again then, huh?
 You'll draw another fortune slip?
Tsuyuko: Hehe, my fortune slip luck is pretty good. I'm certain that we'll meet again.
Paimon Hmm... What is this? Does Tsuyuko recognize it?
Paimon: How about something a bit more concrete than that?
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Since we're already here, a little more's no biggie! Right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: The Key of the Moon-shaved what now? ...And what is that, anyway?
Paimon: These fish statues are so familiar... We seem to have encountered them near the "fin"!
Paimon: This statue isn't responding. Is something stuck?
Paimon: Wait, then what did we do all this for?
Paimon: We got the four Spirit Pearls!
Paimon: Wow, this must be the "heart!"
Paimon: Yikes! Watch it, something's coming out!
Seal of the "Heart": A strange, phosphorescent seal, upon which the symbol of a fish has been graven...
Tsuyuko: (Miss Tsuyuko seems to be thinking about something, so perhaps this is not the time to disturb her.)
Tsuyuko: ...
Tsuyuko: ...Or at least, that's what the legends say.
Tsuyuko: And then, we can head down to Enkanomiya.
Tsuyuko: But it looks more complicated this time. We need all three statues to face the center and connect with one another...
Tsuyuko: Eh? So you've broken seals like this one before? Well, then I guess there's no need for me to go into too much detail.
Tsuyuko: Haha! It isn't mysterious at all! In fact, it's just the opposite.
Tsuyuko: Haha, just call it the "Key of the Deep". We're not going to insist that outlanders use all the proper names for every last thing.
Tsuyuko: Hehe, my fortune slip luck is pretty good. I'm certain that we'll meet again.
Tsuyuko: Hmm...
Tsuyuko: I don't generally believe what those texts say, but I do believe that you can turn Watatsumi Island's situation around.
Tsuyuko: I mean... You've secured the lasting friendship of the Sangonomiya Shrine! Watatsumi Island will welcome you back any time!
Tsuyuko: Is that so? I knew I could count on you, thank you very much! Then, there is only one step away from unlocking the final seal of the "heart."
Tsuyuko: Oh— Sorry, I was quite lost in thought just then.
Tsuyuko: Sorry, I have to ask you both to come along with me — I hope you don't mind.
Tsuyuko: Take out all the Spirit Pearls you collected before, it's finally time to use them.
Tsuyuko: Thanks to your help, we have the Key of the Moon-Bathed Deep in hand.
Tsuyuko: The records do say that the Spirit Pearls will answer the summons of someone pure, and that the Key will only come together for one whose heart is as clear as the waters themselves.
Tsuyuko: There's no time to lose. Let's head off!
Tsuyuko: This is something we will need to open the entrance to Enkanomiya. It was forged from the very spilled blood of our Omikami...
Tsuyuko: This is the place!
Tsuyuko: Welcome back, (Traveler). Is there something I can do for you?
Tsuyuko: Well then, see you.
Tsuyuko: Well then, when the time comes to go down to Enkanomiya...
Tsuyuko: Well, it's not as if you gained nothing during this journey, right?
Tsuyuko: Well, now we just need to report to the Divine Priestess, await her approval, and then wait for the spirit vein flow to be correct...
Tsuyuko: Yes, our great Omikami once stayed here... But now, there's nothing here but the echoing sound of water. It's enough to make one grieve...