 "But if you are not the one I was expecting to receive this letter..."
 "Do you still remember the Uyuu Restaurant?"
 "We shall meet there..."
 "You will find money for wine attached herein."
 ...
 Ah, a public servant and a honeyed tongue.
 Alright.
 An explanation would be nice, Hiromi.
 Are you referring to this?
 Are you waiting for someone?
Hiromi: ... So what if I am?
 Don't worry, just asking.
Hiromi: Please don't ask me pointless questions while I'm on duty.
Hiromi: Come on, please stop bothering me. Please leave.
 By your leave!
 Call me (Traveler).
 Do you believe him?
Hiromi: Shun's a pain and he's by no means a good man, but I can trust him.
Shun: Hmph. Well, at least you've got a conscience.
 Do you still have any impression of her?
 Don't forget, now: "Uyuu Restaurant."
 Don't worry, just asking.
 Don't you know each other?
 Drifting bottles, you say?
 Everything they said I would.
 Fair, but there's no need to be so formal.
 Get to the point!
 Get to the point, please.
 Get. To. The. Point!
 Hardly.
 He said he misses you.
 I don't see this place being under Kanjou jurisdiction.
 I feel like yours is the more evident misdemeanor.
 I just can't stand the way you're going on like this.
 I'll go if you won't.
 I'm afraid she couldn't spill the beans then.
 I'm just passing through.
 I'm looking for a certain female thief.
 I've been there.
 Idiotic ones least of all.
 Is that so strange...?
 It's from Hiromi.
 Just saying, you're still in their territory.
 Just this once.
 Kanjou Commission?
 Let's find him.
 Look at you, being all serious.
 Need some help?
 No, it wasn't completely useless...
 Not some proper folk you're meeting, eh?
 Oh look, my hand is itching! I think it wants to beat someone up!
Hiromi: Wow, a coincidence. Mine does too!
 Oh, I have my ways.
 Oh, I was just passing through.
 Oh, so it's "that"...
 Please continue.
 Please take this.
 Quest DescriptionCommission Officer Hiromi seems to be vexed about something. Perhaps he could use some help...
 She doesn't know a Hiromi.
 She is a Treasure Hoarder, after all...
 So, about Hiromi...
 Sorry.
 Sounds like a date, doesn't it?
 Speak up, I can barely hear you anymore.
 Still, she thinks that...
 Sure.
 Taking my leave now!
 Thanks for your help!
 That she can give it a try.
 The adeptus saved your life, you know.
 The adeptus was probably trying to punish you, too.
 The two of you went after her once.
 Then what happened...?
 Uh huh. And then?
 Wait, how did you know?
 Waiting for someone far outside his realm of jurisdiction?
 We've spoken, aye.
 Well, I can help you.
 Well, that's because she can't get to know any public servants.
 Were you like that when you were writing these letters, too?
 What are you doing?
Hiromi: None of your business.
Hiromi: Alright, I'll... let you go this time. Just please, leave me alone.
 Why, yes! Let's go, shall we?
 Yeah, what he said.
 Yeah. Definitely "that."
 You alright over there?
 You know, maybe you're the sneaky one here.
 You said "drifting bottles," right?
 You were giving me goosebumps..
 You wouldn't mind me reading it, would you?
 You're a Treasure Hoarder?
 You're as stubborn as a mule.
 You're not going yourself?
 You're not on the job right now, are you?
 You're talking all funny.
 You're...
Hiromi: (Traveler), I'm embarrassed to ask, but can you please help me out?
Hiromi: (Traveler), can I count on you for this?
Hiromi: *sigh*
Hiromi: ...
Hiromi: ... So what if I am?
Hiromi: ...Don't you lecture me.
Hiromi: ...Let's just get back to business.
Hiromi: Alright, I'll... let you go this time. Just please, leave me alone.
Hiromi: Alright, please don't mock me anymore. I sincerely apologize for my rudeness. Please accept my apology.
Hiromi: Are you not afraid of being deported by the Commissioner?
Hiromi: Are you serious? Do you outlanders not fear the Commissioner anymore nowadays?
Hiromi: Aye aye, let's head out at once!
Hiromi: But I'm afraid that I still need you to do this for me, (Traveler).
Hiromi: But all he thinks about is treasure. He hurriedly left for the ancient ruins on the northern part of Narukami Island... and I haven't heard from him since.
Hiromi: But with your help, we may yet save a lot of time.
Hiromi: But... I still don't get it. What is it that you want to know?
Hiromi: But... she didn't mention when she'll "try to get to know me," did she?
Hiromi: But...!
Hiromi: By the way, (Traveler), I wish you all the best here in Inazuma.
Hiromi: By the way, I don't believe that you've given me your name...
Hiromi: By the way, since you already have the bottle... you can hand it over to her as well.
Hiromi: Come on, please stop bothering me. Please leave.
Hiromi: Don't bother me with anything unimportant, outlander. Otherwise, I'll kindly have you accompany me to the Outlander Affairs Agency.
Hiromi: Don't interrupt a man while he's waiting for someone!
Hiromi: Eh! Eh!? Is that how you see it?
Hiromi: Eh? What? Please don't...
Hiromi: He should be around here. Let's split up and search.
Hiromi: Here's how it is. I have a childhood friend — an outlander — whom I haven't been able to meet since the Sakoku Decree came into effect.
Hiromi: However, she still hasn't responded.
Hiromi: I don't know how to thank you enough...
Hiromi: I got it. Thank you!
Hiromi: I have no idea how you got here, but it's a criminal offense to interfere with a samurai's job.
Hiromi: I suspect that it would take me a lot of time just to find those ruins, were I to go by myself.
Hiromi: I was going to ask him to deliver my letter for me, and we agreed to meet here.
Hiromi: I was worried about her safety, so I started putting letters into drifting bottles in hopes that she'd receive them.
Hiromi: I'm just a low-ranking officer. I don't know much beyond my duties. I don't think I'll be of much help to you.
Hiromi: I'm on duty and waiting for my informant... a contact...
Hiromi: I've been here several times already, finding time every day to wait for him here. But I can't keep making excuses to sneak off.
Hiromi: I... I have other duties. It will be hard for me to leave.
Hiromi: I... can't believe an outlander would understand the honor of a samurai. You have my respect.
Hiromi: Listen, (Traveler). Shun is my informant. Please, don't make an unnecessary fuss out of this.
Hiromi: Look, Kazu [sic], I came here with this outl— I mean, friend of mine, to ask you about where "Big Sis" is. I... I want to get in touch with her again.
Hiromi: No, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Hiromi: No, that's not it at all... And what gain would there be in catching someone like you?
Hiromi: None of your business.
Hiromi: N—No... it's just... I wasn't expecting this response.
Hiromi: Okay—
Hiromi: O—Of course I wouldn't... Are you questioning a public servant?
Hiromi: Perhaps I still need time to digest everything that she said. Well, I can't claim to be disappointed with this answer either way.
Hiromi: Please don't ask me pointless questions while I'm on duty.
Hiromi: Please don't report this matter to the Commissioner.
Hiromi: Please stop reading it! (Traveler), that was very, incredibly rude of you!
Hiromi: She thinks that?
Hiromi: Shun's a pain and he's by no means a good man, but I can trust him.
Hiromi: Shut up.
Hiromi: So I'd advise you to stay back — for your own safety.
Hiromi: So recently, one of her... old friends told me that she is doing well. They're both adventurers exploring the world, so I trust his intel.
Hiromi: So, did you manage to get any news of "Big Sis"?
Hiromi: Sorry for the trouble. Here's your payment.
Hiromi: Stop messing around! If you want to help me, just say so!
Hiromi: Take care of yourself! If anything urgent should crop up, you know where to find me in Ritou.
Hiromi: Thank you, (Traveler)! You saved me a lot of time there...
Hiromi: Thanks... I will seize the next opportunity when it comes along with my own hands.
Hiromi: That's why I was hoping that you could accompany me to find him, (Traveler).
Hiromi: The Kanjou Commissioner will punish you severely should he find out.
Hiromi: The scope of our search has been narrowed down a lot. All you need to do now is... check with those two members of the Guhua Clan, and there shoudl be hope of finding her yet.
Hiromi: This bottle and her badge... I can only rest easy after I've returned both of these to her.
Hiromi: This is it! Her badge is inside, too.
Hiromi: This isn't about that... it's the matter from last week. The one you promised me about.
Hiromi: Ugh, enough! Leave, or you'll be coming with me to the Outlander Affairs Agency on charges of obstructing a personnel on official duty!
Hiromi: Uh...
Hiromi: Uh...?
Hiromi: Uhh...
Hiromi: Unfortunately, between all the duties I shoulder, it's impossible for me to venture that far out...
Hiromi: Wait—
Hiromi: Well, (Traveler), since you're willing to help, I do have something to ask of you.
Hiromi: Well, I'd best be back soon, or my superior will get mad. Thanks again for your help, (Traveler).
Hiromi: Well, he wasn't speaking complete nonsense.
Hiromi: What are you trying to say?
Hiromi: What did she say? Don't tell me she's already forgotten about me?
Hiromi: What do you mean?
Hiromi: What on earth are you laughing at, huh? What's your issue?
Hiromi: Wha—! No! There's no need for that! I can take care of this myself!
Hiromi: Why'd you come again? If you've got something to say, hurry up!
Hiromi: With me, they turned a good boy into a public servant who protects the people. With him, they turned a bad boy into a Treasure Hoarder.
Hiromi: Wow, a coincidence. Mine does too!
Hiromi: Yes, I did. What of it?
Hiromi: Yes, you're right... Anyway, you have my thanks, (Traveler).
Hiromi: Yo, outlander! What are you doing sneaking around?
Hiromi: You're not wrong... But even a samurai has a right to some free time. You outlanders wouldn't understand!
Hiromi: You...!
Hiromi: !?
Little Que'er: Hmph... No one likes to listen to me...
Little Que'er: If you have anything to say, please talk to my senior disciple. I know you don't like listening to me anyway.
Shun: "Big Sis" and I had to split right there. I've got no clue where she is now.
Shun: *sigh* I mean, just look at what the Commission headquarters did to a good boy like him.
Shun: ...But don't you worry, those choices will come back to you in the end.
Shun: ...It's a long story.
Shun: Ah, I don't know what to say... You want to be a good public servant and a lackey of the Commissioner...
Shun: Ah, he's a good lad... But he's a big baby, too. He needs a bit more time to grow.
Shun: Alright, I'm done messing with you. And I'd love to help you too, but... I don't think I can.
Shun: Alright, alright, I'll be straight with you. See, you knew who we were before the Sakoku Decree was implemented, right?
Shun: And then there was a whistling cry between the rocks and the sea, and two swords were drawn!
Shun: At least he's still got some choices to make.
Shun: Bet you wrote about Uyuu Restaurant in your last letter, eh? Don't worry, I miss it too.
Shun: But well, isn't it a crying shame that your Shogun hates outlander drifters, eh?
Shun: Didn't we agree to meet alone?
Shun: Eh, I understand. But if it's about "that case," then tell your colleagues that it's not time yet.
Shun: Even though your paths have diverged so much.
Shun: Everyone could tell what you were thinking, trust me.
Shun: Hahaha, you're hilarious!
Shun: He has his livelihood and his responsibilities...
Shun: Hmph. Well, at least you've got a conscience.
Shun: Hmph. You're useless!
Shun: Home of the adepti, shiny golden Cor Lapis, light blue Noctilucous Jade, the works...
Shun: How can you take yourself seriously, what with your pathetic salary and having to flatter your superiors constantly?
Shun: Huh? Why are you here? And who's that you've brought along?
Shun: I'm not gonna play house with this petty public servant a second longer. I've got my own job to do.
Shun: If you've got something to say, say it fast. Us Treasure Hoarders, our time's not yours for the wastin'.
Shun: Is any of this business?
Shun: It was a pair of warriors from the Guhua Clan! That was it, we thought — we were done for! Oh yeah, and y'know, I've heard that man is named...
Shun: It's getting late, anyway. You should go back to your post.
Shun: It's not all his fault that he's scared to make choices.
Shun: Man, not even knowing who the Treasure Hoarders are... Is your colleague over here new or something?
Shun: No, wait, I get it now! You must be—
Shun: Oh yeah, I've got it now... are you trying to preemptively arrest me to gain some credit?
Shun: Oh, okay, okay. So "Big Sis" and I were casing Jueyun Karst... Everything was going well at first, and we were even able to conceal ourselves from the adepti...
Shun: Oh... Hahahahhaha!
Shun: Oh? Not that case? Then which one are you talking about? I'm a law-abiding citizen these days, you know! I'm squeaky clean!
Shun: Ooh, "I have other duties." Aah, "It will be hard for me to leave~"
Shun: Ouch! Not in the feelings, man! I'm a least a Treasure Hoarder Cadre. I'll have you know that I'm pretty well-known on the streets, too!
Shun: So I say, but in the end, being immature is better than being evil.
Shun: So here's the skinny, Traveler. The three of us have known each other since we were wetting beds.
Shun: So the man's called Sun Yu and the woman's called Little Que'er.
Shun: So, "Big Sis" and I were in Jueyun Karst not long ago. You know about Jueyun Karst, right?
Shun: That's right, that's right! How could I forget! I'm an outlander thief, and you're a public servant. You should be the one lecturing me!
Shun: That's where all the rare and exotic treasures gifted by heaven are buried, you know? They say that the adepti...
Shun: There you have it: that's why she left Inazuma.
Shun: This isn't the time we agree on, either way. I mean, I just got out of jail two weeks ago.
Shun: This was back before the Sakoku Decree. Way before Hiromi became some stick-in-the-mud, too.
Shun: Two people leapt in front of us — one man and one woman — yelling "Bandits! There's nowhere to run!"
Shun: We even had a drink there the day before the Sakoku Decree took effect.
Shun: We planned on treating ourselves to something nice after casing that joint, and we were just about to head back...
Shun: Well, Traveler, looks like it's your time to save the day again.
Shun: When that time comes, you won't be able to hide anymore.
Shun: Yet you can't let go of our friendship or forget the throbbing of your heart...
Shun: You don't have the guts to make your own choices. You're just a wuss who throws your duties to others.
Sun Yu: Ah, I am glad that we were able to help! By the way, I also saw a few Qingxin on the mountain's summit that seemed quite lovely — beyond the pale, even. I wonder if...
Sun Yu: Ah, it's you, Traveler. Your great name is known through Liyue Harbor. Might I inquire as to why you have elected to grace us with your...
Sun Yu: Ah. I am presently trying to teach Que'er how to treat people with the proper etiquette. As the saying goes, "Those without credibility have no leg to stand on, and those without etiquette..."
Sun Yu: Alright. Then, may I help you?
Sun Yu: And then the female thief was gone.
Sun Yu: In short, we chased them up and down, up and down, and up and down...
Sun Yu: It happened about a week ago. Que'er and I were wandering these mountains and training when we were interrupted by two thieves.
Sun Yu: Little Que'er and I searched for her for a long time, but we couldn't find any trace. We thought that she must fallen off the cliffs.
Sun Yu: Now that you mention it, I do have an impression of just such an incident.
Sun Yu: Oh! I see! Then you must be here to help me—
Sun Yu: Oh, so you have come to perform the chivalrous act of hunting down criminals. The Guhua Clan will definitely support that! What aid may we lend you?
Sun Yu: Or perhaps she was so agile that she gave us the slip. That's possible as well.
Sun Yu: Please go after those bandits. Don't let me slow you down.
Sun Yu: Suddenly, one of the shadows disappeared. I said, "Que'er, this must be a trap! Don't fall for it!" Then we began to chase the female thief...
Sun Yu: That's all I know. I cannot be sure if it'll be of use to you, but...
Sun Yu: We climbed Mt. Hulao through rock, stone, cave, and cloud...
Sun Yu: We heard a *puff*!
Sun Yu: We pursued the two thieves deep into Mt. Hulao, only to see their shadows suddenly rise and fall, rise and fall...
Sun Yu: We rose up and made to help the adepti keep their paradise clean of such unwanted intruders...
Yan'er: *cough* *cough* *panting* Phew, thought I'd never get out!
Yan'er: Ah, you're something, alright. So it really was you who turned my brothers inside-out back in Qingce Village.
Yan'er: Ah-hahahaha!
Yan'er: Alright, alright. I'm done laughing now. Come on, let's get out of this place.
Yan'er: Also, the Uyuu Restaurant seems like a fine place. I will go there for drinks when I am free.
Yan'er: Aren't you that... that...!
Yan'er: But thanks to Mountain Spitter wrapping me up in amber from way over in his abode, I wasn't injured.
Yan'er: Eh!? It's you!
Yan'er: Especially idiots. I don't know any of them.
Yan'er: Go for a few drinks and get to know that idiot along the way.
Yan'er: Hah! You can't fool me.
Yan'er: Hehe, you're right.
Yan'er: Hiromi... who's that?
Yan'er: However... please thank him for returning the badge.
Yan'er: I accidentally fell into this pit back when I was trying to avoid that crazy couple.
Yan'er: Makes sense, hahaha!
Yan'er: Must be nice having a wind glider. It's just a shame that mine broke a good while ago, or I wouldn't have needed you to rescue me.
Yan'er: Oh, is this a gift? Thanks!
Yan'er: Otherwise, I don't know how long I would have been trapped in this accursed amber. It was awful in there...
Yan'er: So, I suppose that you've got something you need my help with, then!
Yan'er: Sorry. I don't know any officer who catches thieves.
Yan'er: Thanks for saving my life, stranger...?
Yan'er: The vaunted adepti of Jueyun Karst — a pack of petty jerks, I tell you!
Yan'er: Well then, what's the matter? Did you finally remember that you might have to arrest me, O Hero of Liyue?
Yan'er: Well, he's not an avid finisher of what he starts, seeing as how he didn't let me out afterwards.
Yan'er: Well, regardless, you have my thanks for saving my life.
Yan'er: Yes! And that time in Qingce, too... that...!
Yan'er: Yes! That's right! So... did you get any mileage out of those Chi remains?
Yan'er: You outlanders have faces that can hide no secrets.