 ...Pardon?
 Atsuko asked me to bring you a letter.
 Atsuko is back?
 Do you want to go back and have a look?
Atsuko: Although I miss my parents, if I go back now, I'm afraid I won't be able to leave anymore.
Atsuko: I don't have the ability to come and go freely like you. No matter what, I wouldn't dare to go back.
Atsuko: I'll be happy if you can take this letter to Inazuma. I really wouldn't ask for anything more.
 Has Atsuko gone off to work again?
 How did you return to Inazuma?
 I'll take care of it.
Atsuko: Thank you! Well, I'll leave the letter to you.
 I'm the Traveler that came here before.
 I've been to Inazuma.
 If there are any issues...
 Is anything bothering you?
 Is there anything wrong?
 Knocking on the door
 May I ask if this is Atsuko's house?
 Quest DescriptionAtsuko, who is living in Liyue, seems to have something on her mind...
 They seem to be talking about something.
 What about your mansion?
Atsuko: Mansion? What? I even had a mansion in Liyue!?
 What happened to your business in Liyue?
Atsuko: Business? What business? I had a business in Liyue!?
 What's the matter?
 What's wrong?
 Where is she now?
 Who are you?
 Why only the evening?
 Would you happen to be Atsuko's parents?
Atsuko leaves in a fit of rage...
Atsuko's family come out.
Atsuko: ...Ah, I had my ways, haha. You don't have to worry about that.
Atsuko: ...Ah, that kind of stuff is unimportant. Nothing is more important than family. I already entrusted it all to someone else, ah... haha.
Atsuko: After leaving my hometown, I've experienced a lot. Now I know that if I want to become an independent and strong woman, I can't just rely on my parents like before.
Atsuko: After they issued the Vision Hunt Decree, the atmosphere in Inazuma has become increasingly suffocating. That's why I decided to leave my hometown.
Atsuko: Ahaha... Sorry for not clarifying things before, and making you travel so far.
Atsuko: Although I miss my parents, if I go back now, I'm afraid I won't be able to leave anymore.
Atsuko: Business? What business? I had a business in Liyue!?
Atsuko: By the way, my father's name is "Yoh," and my mother's name is "Michiru." I'll mark the address on the map for you.
Atsuko: Can I ask you for a favor to help deliver a letter to my parents?
Atsuko: Ever since I was little, I've longed for the world outside of Inazuma. I liked to travel and I disliked being controlled by my parents.
Atsuko: He—Hello! I'm Atsuko, first... no... nice to see you again!
Atsuko: I also wrote about my determination in the letter, so please take it to my parents.
Atsuko: I don't have the ability to come and go freely like you. No matter what, I wouldn't dare to go back.
Atsuko: I think my parents will be proud of me if I can do that.
Atsuko: I wonder how mom is doing, and dad as well...
Atsuko: I'll be happy if you can take this letter to Inazuma. I really wouldn't ask for anything more.
Atsuko: I've decided that I won't go back to my hometown in the near future. If I encounter any difficulties outside, I will face them by myself.
Atsuko: I—I'm Atsuko, of course! I look like Atsuko and sound like Atsuko. What's there to be suspicious about?
Atsuko: Look here! Stop being so persistent... forget it. I won't talk to you anymore. I've got work tomorrow. I'm heading off now.
Atsuko: Mansion? What? I even had a mansion in Liyue!?
Atsuko: Oh right! If you don't mind, can you do me a favor?
Atsuko: Oh? Traveler? What are you doing here? I remember you asked me how to go to Inazuma last time...
Atsuko: Sorry, I was homesick. After I gave you the letter, I changed my mind and took a ship back to Inazuma.
Atsuko: Thank you! Well, I'll leave the letter to you.
Atsuko: Um, I've prepared the payment for you. Please take it. Thanks for your help. Hurry... uh, hurry up and go about the rest of your day.
Atsuko: When I came to Liyue, although I managed to find a way to survive. I couldn't find a reliable person to send a message to my family back home.
Atsuko: When I left Inazuma, I left without saying goodbye.
Atsuko: You did go. And you managed to come back...
Atsuko: You live up to your reputation as a warrior. Your abilities are far beyond those of ordinary folks like me.
Michiru: *sigh* Did that child go off on another journey again? What a troublesome child...
Michiru: ...Traveler, it sounds like you're surprised? It's true that Atsuko was traveling abroad before, but she's come back now.
Michiru: After you left yesterday, Atsuko said she was tired and went straight to her room to sleep.
Michiru: Atsuko! That child... Why did she get angry all of a sudden...
Michiru: By the time we got up the next day, she wasn't in bed anymore.
Michiru: Even if she's working the next day, Atsuko usually says something to us before leaving. But today, she left without saying anything.
Michiru: How many dishes should we make for lunch tomorrow?
Michiru: I couldn't help it. It was looking at me with tears in its eyes. It looked very pitiful. My conscience just wouldn't let me.
Michiru: Let's not overthink things. It's probably a misunderstanding. It'll be more helpful if you can help me figure out what to make for lunch tomorrow.
Michiru: Letter? Why would that child suddenly want to write a letter to us?
Michiru: That being said, I wonder what happened to the Tanuki that we rescued before.
Michiru: The letter is quite long... I mean, she's back at home already, so if she wants to say something, she should just say it to us directly.
Michiru: We tried looking everywhere for her. My husband searched far and wide.
Michiru: We're really sorry that you had to travel such a long way.
Michiru: What does this all mean? Could it be that she came back on her own while getting this Traveler to deliver this letter for us?
Michiru: Where did our daughter run off to...
Michiru: Why does she want to send a letter to us when she's already back home with us? Did you mistake us for someone else?
Michiru: Yeah, every day, she leaves early and comes back late. We only get to see her in the evening, so we aren't sure what she's really up to.
Paimon: Atsuko should be back now. Let's knock on the door.
Paimon: Hang on! The real Atsuko had trouble finding a job in Liyue, there's no way that she'd suddenly become rich!
Paimon: How come the things that Atsuko is telling us now are different from what it was before? If returning to Inazuma was so easy, why did you ask us for help in the first place?
Yoh: *sigh* That child Atsuko... Where is she off this time...
Yoh: After that child left, she didn't close the window properly. A lot of leaves blew into the room.
Yoh: Ahh, I remember you. Please wait here.
Yoh: Anyway, please come over tomorrow evening. If that child has done something wrong, we'll make sure she apologizes to you in person.
Yoh: Before I forget. Here's the payment. Please take it.
Yoh: But in any case, we'd still like to thank you for the trouble you went through. As for the payment... Would you be able to wait a little longer?
Yoh: But you saw her for yourselves. That's our daughter. That letter... Maybe that child forgot about it.
Yoh: Calm down, dear. I'll look for her again. Please sweep Atsuko's room first.
Yoh: Even though things like that do have some value, we have to sell them first.
Yoh: For a traveler like you, I guess Mora would be more convenient.
Yoh: Forget it. It's never wrong to do good deeds. It's just that it ate too much, nearly as much as me...
Yoh: Hmm? Who might you be...
Yoh: However, after half a day, we still couldn't find any traces of our daughter.
Yoh: I feel there might be a misunderstanding. After that child comes home, we'll ask her.
Yoh: If it's okay with you, please find us tomorrow evening. We'll get that child to explain everything to you.
Yoh: Nothing of that sort. We can still afford the payment.
Yoh: Our kids can eat a lot these days. Let's just cook more.
Yoh: Please come here tomorrow. By then, we should be able to give you the Mora.
Yoh: She always brings back weird seeds or some wild fruits, but she never brings back Mora.
Yoh: Sorry about that, Traveler. That child must be too tired from her work.
Yoh: That Atsuko, if only she was more well behaved...
Yoh: That child said she's busy working. She leaves the house for the entire day after breakfast.
Yoh: The letter also says that she doesn't plan to come back in the near future, and tells us to take care of ourselves.
Yoh: Unfortunately, Atsuko had matters to attend to today. After she's back, we'll ask her for clarification.
Yoh: Wait a minute, dear. I had a brief scan of the letter. The handwriting and the way it's written, it's definitely from our daughter.
Yoh: Who is it?
Yoh: Why is our daughter back before the date of signature on this letter?
Yoh: Yes we are. What can I do for you?
Yoh: You know how we told you that Atsuko goes to work during the day? The payment that she receives has always been strange.
Yoh: You're too kind. That Tanuki only had a minor scrape on its leg. If you let it be in the bushes, it would've recovered by itself.