 My name is...
Aberaku: ...I see. So you are a guest from afar.
Aberaku: I only regret that I have come to meet you in such a horrid state.
Paimon: It's alright!
 Quest DescriptionAccording to the spirit named Aberaku, he can only find peace if you collect the three fragments of his soul and reunite them with the main body...
 So you're the creator of the Dainichi Mikoshi?
 So, on one of their birthdays...
 That's you then?
 The Sunchild?
 This is too precious a gift...
 Wait, surely you don't mean...
 We're doing introductions now?
Paimon: Well, since he started it...
Paimon: Guess it's just good manners.
Aberaku: It is but a small matter. Indeed, it is I who has treated you with utter disregard, having come to receive you in such a tragic state.
Paimon: Don't worry! We don't mind. Right, (Traveler)?
Aberaku: "The hallowed Sunchild, their birth-rite begun, on Pegasus shall ride to the feast of the sun."
Aberaku: ...I see. So you are a guest from afar.
Aberaku: ...The thing hidden here is related to them.
Aberaku: Aberaku, Helios-Forger!
Aberaku: After my death, my soul was shattered across the land of Byakuyakoku, and many of my memories were lost in that scattering.
Aberaku: Ah, Traveler from another land, it is you.
Aberaku: Ah, right. Helios is what I called my creation in private.
Aberaku: Ah... All the talent, all the ability... But what use was it?
Aberaku: And so they used the people, leading them unto the worship of the Dainichi Mikoshi, leading them into the folly of believing in such vain and dead objects.
Aberaku: And such talent I had! Such ability!
Aberaku: And that is why no Sunchild has ever reached maturity. For it is as you say: grown people are not so easily swayed by villains.
Aberaku: Back then, it was I who organized the construction of the Dainichi Mikoshi, and thus did Byakuyakoku obtain a cyclical night and day, and thus did the name "Byakuya" come about.
Aberaku: But I can no longer remember it. Please, distant wayfarer... Could you help me retrieve my clothes, crown, and bones, which have been placed in three different places?
Aberaku: But alas...
Aberaku: But the moment peace began to reign... Ah, the human heart is hard to comprehend. Who knew then that they would have begun to nurse such evil intent?
Aberaku: Falling asleep in a dark, icy place, never to wake... How could I just die like that? I, the Helios-Forger!
Aberaku: Guest from afar, I now give the bridle into your hands.
Aberaku: Hah! Nay, it has already been rendered meaningless. That I have been restored to wholeness and become able to hand it to you is fate. And for this thing, it shall be considered a fine death.
Aberaku: Helios is the Dainichi Mikoshi, the solar chariot that drives the Hyperion.
Aberaku: How mortifying then, that before the shreds of my soul were reunited, I could not even remember that day when the people crowded around the completed Dainichi Mikoshi.
Aberaku: I dreamed of using the Dainichi Mikoshi to wash away the darkness, but I did not then know that it was the greed and desire within human hearts that was the all-devouring night everlasting.
Aberaku: I only regret that I have come to meet you in such a horrid state.
Aberaku: I organized the construction of the Dainichi Mikoshi. 'Twas I who hung a bright mirror on high amidst the ever-night, and I thought myself a genius.
Aberaku: I remember that there was something very important... high above the Dainichi Mikoshi...
Aberaku: I wanted to oppose this, but I was accused of high treason by the Sunchild under their control and imprisoned here.
Aberaku: I... I am the creator of the Helios, and this place is my... final resting place.
Aberaku: In the end, they even proclaimed the rule of the "Sunchild" over the land.
Aberaku: Indeed it is.
Aberaku: Indeed. There will always be a young infant chosen to be the Sunchild.
Aberaku: It is but a small matter. Indeed, it is I who has treated you with utter disregard, having come to receive you in such a tragic state.
Aberaku: It should have been my fondest memory.
Aberaku: It was said that: "Now that the Dainichi Mikoshi has been built, though this land is in everlasting night, we can at least tell black from white."
Aberaku: Keep it well... Nay, do with it whatever you wish.
Aberaku: My name is...
Aberaku: O Traveler from afar, I am certain that you know how voracious villains will seize for themselves riches and power if given the chance... more than they ever deserved!
Aberaku: O Traveler from another land. Though I did create it, I was placed under house arrest, and imprisoned above my own creation.
Aberaku: Of course, such children would not have been of age to understand the world. They would not have been fit to rule. And so they served as puppets, going along with those who pulled their strings in the background.
Aberaku: Offer them up upon three altars, and my soul shall be reunited, and I shall be able to open the way to the Dainichi Mikoshi for you...
Aberaku: Perhaps this is not known to you, but the people of Byakuyakoku call this thing...
Aberaku: Perhaps you already know that in the distant past, there was only a great darkness in Byakuyakoku, and that those who lived there dwelt in fear of the Dragonheirs of the Depths.
Aberaku: Please, claim the offerings at The Narrows, the Evernight Temple, and the Serpent's Heart. This way, my soul shall be reunited, and I shall be able to open the way to the Dainichi Mikoshi for you...
Aberaku: Thanks to you, my soul has become whole, and I now recall everything. Incredible.
Aberaku: The Dainichi Mikoshi.
Aberaku: Then you will be able to travel above the Dainichi Mikoshi, into the closed spaces hidden in the veil of ever-night.
Aberaku: This Divine Bridle is a testament to our supremely laughable history...
Aberaku: This bridle is the proof that one is indeed a child of the sun. I hid it here, thinking to someday hand it over and alert the people... But I suppose that such a deed is meaningless now.
Aberaku: Traveler from another land... I was neither able to protect those children nor this nation.
Aberaku: When Dainichi Mikoshi was built, the Dragonheirs were defeated, repelled by a light that they were unused to. Thus did the people regain peace of mind.
Aberaku: Yes. They would be taken to the inner sanctum of the Dainichi Mikoshi, dressed up as those attending birth rites and in high spirits...
Aberaku: You can find them in The Narrows, the Evernight Temple, and the Serpent's Heart.
Paimon: Ah, the Sunchild...
Paimon: Alas what?
Paimon: And Paimon's... well, Paimon.
Paimon: But wouldn't the Sunchild eventually realize that they were being manipulated?
Paimon: Don't worry! We don't mind. Right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Earlier, that soul remnant said that the offerings could open the way to Dainichi Mikoshi...
Paimon: Guess it's just good manners.
Paimon: It's alright!
Paimon: Let's go up and have a look, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Still, why are you here, Mister?
Paimon: The creator of the Helios?
Paimon: The offering's done...
Paimon: Well, since he started it...
Paimon: What's the Helios?
There are three sub-quests to collect each of the three offerings:
These sub-quests can be done in any order. After completing them, submit the Offerings of The Narrows, Offerings of the Temple, and Offerings of the Serpent's Heart to the pedestals in the hidden room.