 About Ramsay...
 About the travelogue...
 Are those travelogues real?
 Did he tell you about Snezhnaya?
Midori: Snezhnaya? Well, I don't think so.
 Ehm, I am not that old...
 He hasn't finished yet.
 I hope it's true.
Ramsay: Hahaha, I also wish the things I wrote could come true.
 I'll get rid of him.
 I'll see.
 I'll take care of it.
Ramsay: Thank you.
 It really is a good location.
 Quest DescriptionMidori from Inazuma City seems to be troubled by something...
 Really...
Midori: Anyway, that's what Uncle Ramsay told me...
 They don't sound real to me...
Ramsay: Hahaha, I can see you are well-traveled. You can tell right away.
 This is from Mr. Ramsay...
 What are you talking about?
 What kind of new story?
 Why are you following us?
 Why is that?
 Why would he do that?
Ramsay: I don't know. But... People don't need a reason to be malicious to someone.
Heihachi:  Following you? What? I'm just taking a walk around here! What's wrong with that? Do you own this beach? Who do you think you are...
Heihachi:  Why are you standing in my way? Are you trying to start something?
Heihachi: Get out of my way!
Heihachi: Humph, there must be some sort of agenda behind it... Just that he hasn't exposed himself yet.
Heihachi: Humph, there must be some sort of agenda behind it... he just hasn't exposed himself yet.
Heihachi: I said this guy has ulterior motives for writing these travelogues.
Heihachi: Me... follow you? Aren't I allowed to come here to enjoy a walk and pick fruit? So paranoid...
Heihachi: Travelogue... Humph. That's what he says. How would I know if he has any other agendas...
Heihachi: What are you looking at?
Heihachi: What the hell is this place? There are monsters here...
Heihachi: Who would think about such random nonsense? Traveling around Teyvat in a hot-air balloon without using a Vision...
Kozue: If you want to find him, just go inside and you'll see him.
Kozue: Oh that businessman... He is indeed in the teahouse. But he's been quite stressed recently. Not sure what happened...
Kozue: Welcome to the Komore Teahouse! How can I help you?
Midori: Ah, I'm so looking forward to reading Uncle Ramsay's new travelogue.
Midori: And... And... There's a kind of... hmmm... boat that can stay at the bottom of the sea for a long time!
Midori: Anyway! You look like a reliable person. Please help me!
Midori: Anyway, that's what Uncle Ramsay told me...
Midori: By riding in that boat, people can go to the deep sea to do all kinds of things and see all kinds of fish!
Midori: For example, there's kind of iron carriage that flies in the sky in Fontaine. It runs along an invisible road. It takes no time to travel from one end of the village to the other.
Midori: He said he's been to many countries and seen many interesting things. In order to record these things, he wrote something called the travelogue.
Midori: He showed me a lot of his travelogues!
Midori: I know that Uncle Ramsay has been staying at the Komore Teahouse. I wanted to go find him. But the gatekeeper, Sister Kozue, wouldn't let me in because I'm a kid...
Midori: I... I'll go with you. Although I can't get in, I can wait for you near the teahouse...
Midori: Is that so? I'll wait and read it when Uncle Ramsay is finished... Then I'll have a new story to tell Kouichi.
Midori: It's a new story told by Uncle Ramsay.
Midori: Oh, how come this is so thin? The other travelogues are much thicker...
Midori: Oh? Are you also interested in reading those travelogues? No problem. Just give them to me when you're finished.
Midori: Recently, Uncle Ramsay stopped sending me his travelogue for some reason. So I'm running out of stories to tell Kouichi.
Midori: Snezhnaya? Well, I don't think so.
Midori: Thank you, Traveler. These are for you. Please accept them.
Midori: There's a special kind of grass in Sumeru, which can be planted anywhere. It can be planted in soil, water, or sand. Once it's planted, it will sprout and grow.
Midori: Travel around Teyvat in Eighty Days... WOW! Thank you! Let me have a look...
Midori: Traveler, did you get the Travelogue?
Midori: Well, I'm running out of new stories to tell Kouichi...
Midori: Well, that's not the point!
Midori: You look old enough. Can you help me ask Uncle Ramsay, what happened to those travelogues?
Ramsay: Also, this balloon does not require a Vision to operate. All it takes is some technical knowledge.
Ramsay: Altough some places and characters are based on reality... Most of the contents are my own imagination.
Ramsay: And it's a long way from Inazuma City. I won't be disturbed by Doushin... or by unwanted people.
Ramsay: And then... Let me have a look. There is a river bend in the outskirts to the north of town. The small waterfall there is very nice. Let's go there.
Ramsay: Anyway, let's call it a day. Let's go back to the Komore Teahouse.
Ramsay: Are you... a traveler? What can I do for you?
Ramsay: As the saying goes, "one must guard against others." Someone's staring at me from behind. I have to guard against him no matter what.
Ramsay: But I can include this experience in my travelogue...
Ramsay: But please don't stray too far away from me. The guy Heihachi is following me. He's just nearby.
Ramsay: Do you see that guy in the hallway? He's called Heihachi. He's been staring at me since I don't know when.
Ramsay: Ehm, the scenery here is very nice. Let me write it down in my notes.
Ramsay: Fortunately, now you are here. Traveler, can you accompany me to look for inspiration outside? With you here, I don't think he would dare to do anything to me.
Ramsay: Hahaha, I also wish the things I wrote could come true.
Ramsay: Hahaha, I can see you are well-traveled. You can tell right away.
Ramsay: Hahaha, what do you think?
Ramsay: I already have some ideas about the main story of my travelogue. But it'll take me a day or two to finish the chapter.
Ramsay: I don't know. But... People don't need a reason to be malicious to someone.
Ramsay: I was going out to look for inspiration for my travelogue. But that guy has been following me everywhere. I don't know what he's trying to do.
Ramsay: I was going to write this for Midori. But for some reason, I didn't even have time to finish a short paragraph.
Ramsay: I wrote a few paragraphs before. Please take these paragraphs to Midori first.
Ramsay: I'm worried that this guy has ill intentions towards me. I wouldn't dare to go out. That's why the travelogue has been delayed.
Ramsay: I've been too busy to write those lately. She must be getting anxious...
Ramsay: In conclusion, it's a good location to take off from... And it's a nice place to write about in the travelogue.
Ramsay: In fact, I already have a few locations in mind. Let's go there right now.
Ramsay: It would be a nice place to set sail from... or take off from...
Ramsay: It's fine. Don't worry about him. He wouldn't dare do anything rash with you around.
Ramsay: Let's get out of here and find a safe place.
Ramsay: Of course, some of it is not entirely imaginary. For example, in the travelogue that I'm writing, someone made a super balloon.
Ramsay: Oh, you mean the travelogue I wrote for that little girl Midori.
Ramsay: Please take these paragraphs of travelogue to Midori. When I finish the whole story, I'll ask someone to bring her the completed travelogue.
Ramsay: Pretty good! The scenery here is really nice...
Ramsay: So when I'm looking for inspiration, please protect me, traveler.
Ramsay: Standing on the top of the mountain, you can almost see the entire Narukami Island.
Ramsay: Thank you.
Ramsay: That guy is still following us. He's really... humph... persistent...
Ramsay: That guy... he's still following us. He just won't let us go.
Ramsay: That's right. Technically, none of the facts in the travelogues are real.
Ramsay: The first place is near the beach. Let's go.
Ramsay: The last location is the top of the hill over there.
Ramsay: The view there is very good. We should be able to get a panoramic view of the surrounding landscape.
Ramsay: The water at this beach is crystal clear, and the color of the sand is so white, it's completely different from the open seas.
Ramsay: The wind at the mountain top is quite strong, and the height is perfect for take-off. There are no obstacles here.
Ramsay: Then he summoned his friends and planned to travel around Teyvat in this balloon in 80 days.
Ramsay: These people travel around the world in the balloon, and they encounter various strange things and phenomena along the way...
Ramsay: This could be a safe place to set sail from...
Ramsay: Traveler, please kill them!
Ramsay: Traveler, please wait a moment. I need to think about how to write my travelogue. You can walk around and enjoy the scenery.
Ramsay: When I am finished with the whole story, I'll ask someone to bring her the completed travelogue.
Ramsay: When dealing with this kind of person... If you approach him, he would keep pestering you.
Ramsay: Why are there monsters around here?
Ramsay: Why are there monsters wandering around... Altough the scenery is very nice, it really is quite dangerous...