
(Requires a photo of Sakura Bloom or Dendrobium)
The radiant flowers abroad do bloomTheir scent a novel, lovely strain

Ootomo: Hmmm, purple symbolizes Her Excellency. These two lines really do have an Inazuman flavor.

Ootomo: Hmmm, the meaning of these two is that "the wind brings the flowers' fragrance," which is intimately linked to the line that follows immediately after.

Ootomo: The emotions in these two are very strongly felt, and the atmosphere they create is quite ethereal.

Ootomo: These two lines discuss the gains and losses we sustain with the passage of time, and how someone journeying far abroad comes to understand the meaning of home.

Ootomo: These two match the preceding lines the closest, and they are rhythmically fitting when read.
 (Traveler).
 I've taken them.
 Not yet...
 Quest DescriptionThe Mondstadt bard Lenne is discussing poetry quite passionately with the Inazuma poet Ootomo...
 So, what can I do for you?
 Yes, what is it?
(Requires a photo of Naku Weed or Amakumo Fruit)
Of distant lands' joys my heart was dissuadedNaught but the slim grass' song remained
(Requires a photo of Onikabuto)
In the woods lies armor of a violet hue,'Tis the unspoken blessing from a foreign god
(Requires a photo of Sango Pearl or Crystal Marrow)
O Time! You make ancient laments witherYet let dazzling pearls remain
(Requires a photo of Sea Ganoderma or Fluorescent Fungus)
The Lamp Grass under distant skies gleamingTo mind the nights abroad did feign
(missing stanza)
Gains and Losses
In the woods lies armor of a violet hue,'Tis the unspoken blessing from a foreign god
Lenne: A most uncommon name. But it is no crime to stand out from the crowd. I shall remember it.
Lenne: Ah, it's you. Have you finished taking those pictures?
Lenne: As for the number of pictures that I will need, I think 4, each showcasing different contents, will do. I will also pay for any travel fees you may incur in the process.
Lenne: Could you help me take a few pictures from which I can draw some inspiration?
Lenne: Friend, thank you once again for your aid.
Lenne: Friend, the theme of the poem I wish to write is "nostalgia."
Lenne: Friend, your photos are a true inspiration! Many thanks.
Lenne: I'm quite curious, actually. If it were you, which would you use?
Gains and Losses
The day I took my leave of lovingI found I loved all things again
Lenne: Inazuma should have a great number of unique sights to see, yes? For example, when you speak of Mondstadt, everyone's minds will turn to Dandelions or Windwheel Asters...
Lenne: Indeed, I would be in your debt if you would! Allow me to also write a copy of my half-done poem manuscript, just for you to use as reference material.
Lenne: Indeed, indeed. Well then, friend, might I ask what your name is? I believe neither of us are acquainted with it.
Lenne: Indeed. Unfortunately, my itinerary has been far too tight. I haven't had time to really go around and see the sights.
Lenne: Now, I have attempted to write several different stanzas according to the pictures you provided me. I'm quite torn as to which to use...
Lenne: Ootomo speaks the truth. We have only known each other for a few days, but I already have the greatest respect for his great learning.
Lenne: Ootomo, since both you and our new friend here are both very enamored of these two lines, then let us use them.
Lenne: Remember, you just need to take 4 pictures of Inazuman regional specialties.
Lenne: Upon seeing the sights in a distant land, a vagabond cannot help but remember their home. That is why I need to add some things into my poem that symbolize this distant place.
Lenne: Wonderful! You have my thanks. Let me have a look... Oh my, I've never seen any of these! ...And ah, this picture is wonderful! This one also seems quite noteworthy...
NostalgiaUpon seeing the sights in a distant land, a vagabond cannot help but remember their home. It would be nice to depict some things that symbolize this distant place...Take pictures of Inazuman regional specialties to get key inspiration material.
O Time! You make ancient laments witherYet let dazzling pearls remain
Of distant lands' joys my heart was dissuadedNaught but the slim grass' song remained
Ootomo: (Mister/Miss), I see that you've been walking back and forth in this area for some time now. I believe you must be someone who appreciates the elegance of the arts.
Ootomo: (Mister/Miss)... You truly have a good eye.
Ootomo: (Traveler), mm? I'll remember it as well.
Ootomo: And since Lenne has gone through all the effort to come to Inazuma, he really wants to add a bit of that Inazuman flavor to his work.
Ootomo: Hehe, you are too kind, Lenne. In any case, we have made friends through poetry, and we're taking this opportunity to write a few collaborative works.
Ootomo: Hmmm, purple symbolizes Her Excellency. These two lines really do have an Inazuman flavor.
Ootomo: Hmmm, the meaning of these two is that "the wind brings the flowers' fragrance," which is intimately linked to the line that follows immediately after.
Ootomo: I leave the matter of the pictures to you. I am fortunate indeed to have met people of such fine artistic tastes as you and Lenne.
Ootomo: The emotions in these two are very strongly felt, and the atmosphere they create is quite ethereal.
Ootomo: There is a question of elegance that I might need your help with. Would you mind lending me your aid?
Ootomo: These two lines discuss the gains and losses we sustain with the passage of time, and how someone journeying far abroad comes to understand the meaning of home.
Ootomo: These two match the preceding lines the closest, and they are rhythmically fitting when read.
Ootomo: Though I have only just met this man, Lenne, a bard from Mondstadt, over here, we have already become fast friends.
Paimon: But we can always take a few more, who knows, it might give him some more inspiration!
Paimon: Let's get those pictures back to Lenne.
Paimon: Looks like we've got all the Inazuman specialties.
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon gets it now. Well in that case, let's take a few pictures of some of Inazuma's regional specialties! That should do it.
Paimon: Ooh, this picture looks great. Lenne should get the inspiration he needs like this!
Paimon: Well, (Traveler), since Lenne's request seems clear, let's head out right now!
NostalgiaUpon seeing the sights in a distant land, a vagabond cannot help but remember their home. It would be nice to depict some things that symbolize this distant place...Take pictures of Inazuman regional specialties to get key inspiration material.
Paimon: Well, that's the four pictures that Lenne needs. Let's go back and look for him.
The Lamp Grass under distant skies gleamingTo mind the nights abroad did feign
The day I took my leave of lovingI found I loved all things again
The radiant flowers abroad do bloomTheir scent a novel, lovely strain
Then suddenly, I sawT'was the unseen breezeThat helped push me from home shores.
When tired at last of seeking and strivingI heard again freedom's refrain