 "Again"?
 Actually, Junkichi's idea isn't bad...
Shigeru: Not bad? If he keeps going like this, he's going to confuse even himself.
Junkichi: Hahaha, you see? The Traveler's on my side. That means my idea is appealing!
Junkichi: The most important thing in a novel is an exciting and attractive plot. I'm writing with that in mind.
Shigeru: *sigh* You...
Junkichi: Come on, relax. I know what I'm doing. It will definitely get unanimous praise. You'll see.
 Actually, Shigeru sounds more reasonable...
Junkichi: Reasonable? Reasonableness is no substitute for a good plot. A reasonable plot would be boring without a compelling story!
Shigeru: You... mark my words, when it comes time to wrap up the story, you'll go crazy trying to tie up the loose ends!
Junkichi: I—I took some notes. We won't have any problems ending the story!
Shigeru: You have to take notes to remember all the details, do you? Are you expecting the readers to take notes as well?
Junkichi: Uh... Well...
Shigeru: I'm not saying you can't add these new features. I'm just saying that you have to be mindful of how many there are and when they are added.
Shigeru: Writing a novel is like running a marathon. If you go too hard at the start, you'll just lose steam later on.
Shigeru: The key to a successful novel is to move forward steadily, one step at a time. Trust me.
Junkichi: Okay, okay... *sigh*...
 Alchemy can't do that...
 And how will the main character solve this conundrum?...
 Hey, you just made that up, right?
 I don't think you understand alchemy...
Junkichi: What do you mean? Isn't alchemy the kind of thing that makes the impossible possible?
 Is this some new character trait?...
 Let's go get some material.
 Maybe Junkichi really just needs a bit of inspiration...
 Quest DescriptionShigeru, an editor at the Yae Publishing House, seems to be arguing with the writer Junkichi over some matter...
 That's such an arbitrary number!
Junkichi: Number scales are the clearest thing in the world. That'll help us show how powerful the main character is!
 Well, time to go get some inspiration then.
Junkichi: Were it so easy...
Junkichi: But we have to do it somehow, or Shigeru will turn my house upside down...
 What are you two arguing about?
 What's "it"?
 Where's its basis in the plot?
Junkichi: Plot basis... hmm, I'll think about it while I write. It shouldn't be a problem.
 You can't suddenly add traits to the character!
Junkichi: It's character development. It's okay. Don't worry.
(Dialogue continues randomly to Amenoma Smithy Version, Tsukumomono Groceries Version, or Doushin Version)
Junkichi: ...Why don't I just make the main character a psychic that can intuit the needs of the buyer?
Junkichi: Amenoma Smithy is such place full of passion!
Junkichi: Anyway, let's just go with that. Time to go tell Shigeru about my idea.
Junkichi: Blacksmiths turn rough billets and ore into powerful weapons using such simple tools.
Junkichi: But I've just got no inspiration right now, and I'm not going to write some garbage chapter. There's just got to be an interesting story!
Junkichi: But if I write like this, I'll have to spend time describing psychology. It doesn't fit the theme.
Junkichi: But we have to do it somehow, or Shigeru will turn my house upside down...
Junkichi: Come on, relax. I know what I'm doing. It will definitely get unanimous praise. You'll see.
Junkichi: Gathering information is crucial to fighting the enemy. How should I write this...
Junkichi: Hahaha, you see? The Traveler's on my side. That means my idea is appealing!
Junkichi: He can transform a rusty blade into a powerful weapon simply by saying its new name!
Junkichi: He needs a powerful weapon... Let me think...
Junkichi: Hmm... It seems like finding out what the buyer values is the key to selling goods at a high price.
Junkichi: Hmm... Then let's go to Tsukumomono Groceries.
Junkichi: Hmm... let's go check out the Doushin at work.
Junkichi: I found inspiration at Amenoma Smithy!
Junkichi: I mean, Aoi always says that "one man's trash is another man's treasure."
Junkichi: I'll go around and look for some — I'm sure something will come to me!
Junkichi: I'm not lying this time. Come on, trust me just this once!
Junkichi: If alchemy is used while forging, wouldn't it be possible to create indestructible weapons?
Junkichi: In the chapter I'm working on, the main character is preparing for the next big fight.
Junkichi: In the chapter I'm working on, the main character is trying to sell the items he collected during his adventure.
Junkichi: In the chapter I'm working on, the main character sets off alone into enemy territory.
Junkichi: In the story, the enemy's knights have the same duties as the Doushin. But to make it interesting, let's make them ten times as strong.
Junkichi: In this way, it's... what's wrong?
Junkichi: It's character development. It's okay. Don't worry.
Junkichi: I—I took some notes. We won't have any problems ending the story!
Junkichi: Let's go check out the Amenoma Smithy.
Junkichi: Now, this weapon needs to have an awesome name... and an awesome backstory.
Junkichi: Number scales are the clearest thing in the world. That'll help us show how powerful the main character is!
Junkichi: N—No... It was my plan all along. C—Come on, now!
Junkichi: Okay, okay, I got it...
Junkichi: Okay, okay... *sigh*...
Junkichi: One night, the main character is suddenly enlightened, obtaining the superb alchemy ability — Sword Resurrection.
Junkichi: Phew... I guess I can't put it off this time...
Junkichi: Plot basis... hmm, I'll think about it while I write. It shouldn't be a problem.
Junkichi: Reasonable? Reasonableness is no substitute for a good plot. A reasonable plot would be boring without a compelling story!
Junkichi: Sparks fly as hammers clash against anvils...
Junkichi: That will involve dealing with different types of buyers...
Junkichi: That's always been my style. I think it's interesting. The readers will love it!
Junkichi: That's it!
Junkichi: That's right! My friend here gets me. I need inspiration!
Junkichi: The Doushin keep the peace in Hanamizaka. No criminals can escape their watch.
Junkichi: The main character suddenly awakens to a profound magic, the Third Eye of Perception.
Junkichi: The main character suddenly awakens to the use of disguises, allowing him to freely change his appearance and voice... Let's call it the Illusory Mirror!
Junkichi: The most important thing in a novel is an exciting and attractive plot. I'm writing with that in mind.
Junkichi: There's no use pushing me! I'm stuck at a critical point in the story and I've got writer's block.
Junkichi: This allows him to see into the minds of others, so that he can maximize his trade profits.
Junkichi: This is the main character's hidden ability. An encounter with certain enemies is the best time to reveal it!
Junkichi: This way, no matter how hard the enemy fights back, they can't stop the main character!
Junkichi: Thus, he will... Wait, what's wrong?
Junkichi: Traveler, let's go back. I'm going to tell Shigeru about my idea.
Junkichi: Traveler, who do you think is right, me or Shigeru?
Junkichi: Tsukumomono Groceries sells all kinds of goods similar to the items collected during my character's adventure.
Junkichi: Ugh, I'm done talking to you. You're so boring. Let's hear the Traveler's opinion.
Junkichi: Uh... Well...
Junkichi: We visited Tsukumomono Groceries and I've had a plot breakthrough!
Junkichi: We were off observing the Doushin and I had a plot breakthrough!
Junkichi: Well, I'll... give the main character mastery over disguises. Like being able to freely change their appearance and voice.
Junkichi: Well, there we have it, then! I know what to write!
Junkichi: Were it so easy...
Junkichi: What do you mean? Isn't alchemy the kind of thing that makes the impossible possible?
Junkichi: Why don't we postpone the issue? Our loyal readers will still pay for it.
Junkichi: Yes! That's a good idea. The main character shall have the strongest weapon! One forged using alchemy!
Shigeru: *sigh* You...
Shigeru: ...Traveler! Just the voice of reason we need.
Shigeru: And he's at it again, of course. If he doesn't turn his manuscript in by tomorrow, I won't be able to get this month's issue into print.
Shigeru: And you'll be tacking more complicated features onto those traits until you finish the new chapter, right?
Shigeru: But all the other writers are basically done. You're the only one left!
Shigeru: Don't be ridiculous. If it isn't updated regularly, the novel's reputation will go into the trash!
Shigeru: Don't give me that. You know the readers are starting to get confused by everything you make up!
Shigeru: Hey! That's the excuse you used last time to put it off. We're not doing this again!
Shigeru: Hey... you're doing it again, aren't you!?
Shigeru: His new novel, "Onibudo," is very popular. But he never meets his deadlines. Sometimes he even delays for weeks.
Shigeru: Hmm... All right. Fine. But this is the last time...
Shigeru: I hope this month's issue can be printed on time...
Shigeru: I'm Shigeru, an editor at the Yae Publishing House. This is Junkichi, the writer I'm in charge of.
Shigeru: I'm not saying you can't add these new features. I'm just saying that you have to be mindful of how many there are and when they are added.
Shigeru: Junkichi, the deadline to turn in the manuscript is tomorrow. No more delays!
Shigeru: Let me guess. You're going to add new character traits to continue the story.
Shigeru: No further delays! Got it?
Shigeru: No matter how much you like the character, stop giving him so many skills! The readers are going to get confused!
Shigeru: Not bad? If he keeps going like this, he's going to confuse even himself.
Shigeru: Oh? That's great. Tell me about it!
Shigeru: Really? Huh. You actually did it. Well, wonderful. Tell me about it!
Shigeru: The key to a successful novel is to move forward steadily, one step at a time. Trust me.
Shigeru: Writing a novel is like running a marathon. If you go too hard at the start, you'll just lose steam later on.
Shigeru: You have to take notes to remember all the details, do you? Are you expecting the readers to take notes as well?
Shigeru: You... mark my words, when it comes time to wrap up the story, you'll go crazy trying to tie up the loose ends!