 Not going to find some yourself?
Saigou: I... Ahem, my straightforward opinions have made me unwelcome among the city's restaurant owners.
Saigou: If I went myself, I would probably be given the cold shoulder. That would make things awkward.
Saigou: That's why I can only count on you, Traveler. Please bring a (Tuna Sushi/Egg Roll/Onigiri/Dry-Braised Salted Fish) to me. I will prepare suitable payment.
 Quest DescriptionA gourmet named Saigou is looking to try a dish...
 There are real and fake delicacies?
 What are you talking about?
 What would you like to eat?
Saigou: Let me think... how about (Tuna Sushi/Egg Roll/Onigiri/Dry-Braised Salted Fish)? Don't worry, I will pay you suitably for your trouble.
Saigou: ...Th—This Onigiri! I can't believe what I'm tasting! Such exquisite texture, and the rich sauce that almost seems to be everywhere...
Saigou: Ah, you must be the Traveler, then? Let me introduce myself. I am Saigou, an Inazuman gourmet. I've been traveling around in search of true delicacies.
Saigou: Ahem! Here you go. Please keep up the good work. I—I guess I'm off to try some other dishes...
Saigou: Anyway, this taste is just really, uh... really peculiar.
Saigou: But I still believe that the quality of the food is the most important criteria when judging it.
Saigou: But it's just too bad that the cooking temperature was not managed well enough, causing the texture to be a bit too hard.
Saigou: But it's not easy find such dishes these days...
Saigou: Either way, the taste of this Egg Roll is quite good indeed.
Saigou: Either way, the taste of this Tuna Sushi is very solid.
Saigou: Even with an ingredient as ordinary as fish, the special deep frying technique still manages to amaze.
Saigou: Expensive dishes served with exquisite utensils do not necessarily make for entrancing dishes...
Saigou: Here is your payment. Please take it. Now, I must really get back to tasting this Egg Roll...
Saigou: Here is your payment. Please take it. Now, I really must get back to eating this Tuna Sushi...
Saigou: Here you go. Thank you for bringing me this dish.
Saigou: Here's your payment. Please take it. Now, back to feasting on this Onigiri...
Saigou: Here's your payment. You've more than earned it. Now, back to this Dry-Braised Salted Fish...
Saigou: Hmm, this Onigiri is really...
Saigou: Hmm, this strange taste... Can we really call this a Onigiri? The seaweed doesn't have its typical flavor, while the rice doesn't have its normal texture.
Saigou: Hmm, this strange taste... Is this really Egg Roll?
Saigou: Hmm, this tastes most strange... Is this really Dry-Braised Salted Fish? This...
Saigou: Hmm... Delicious! I can hardly believe that Tuna Sushi could be so good.
Saigou: Hmm... Excellent! The key to a tasty Egg Roll lies in the cooking of the egg yolk and egg skin. This dish is flawless, whether be it in the seasoning or the temperature control.
Saigou: Hmm... If we were to just go by the quality and taste, this Dry-Braised Salted Fish is no different from the ones I had in other places...
Saigou: Hmm... Overall, it's not bad. It's fresh and tender with a clear structure.
Saigou: Hmm... Such a strange taste... Is this really Tuna Sushi?
Saigou: Hmm... the freshness and luster of the tuna is top-notch, while the combination of sauces and rice is perfect.
Saigou: I can taste the bold technique that you used, which is completely different from traditional cooking...
Saigou: I... Ahem, my straightforward opinions have made me unwelcome among the city's restaurant owners.
Saigou: If I had to criticize one thing, it would be that the egg yolk seems a bit overcooked. Hmm... perhaps the cooking time wasn't managed well enough?
Saigou: If I went myself, I would probably be given the cold shoulder. That would make things awkward.
Saigou: It is so wonderfully put together... All I can say is that I have never had such a perfect Onigiri!
Saigou: It's a pity that fine dining is everywhere these days, yet no one cares about everyday dishes...
Saigou: It's still good, though, don't get me wrong.
Saigou: Let me think... how about (Tuna Sushi/Egg Roll/Onigiri/Dry-Braised Salted Fish)? Don't worry, I will pay you suitably for your trouble.
Saigou: My only complaint is that it's not sweet enough. Could something have gone wrong during the preparation of the ingredients?
Saigou: Nonetheless, I think you did a good job with this Onigiri.
Saigou: Of course! Nowadays, you just need to pretty the food up, give it a fancy name, and have some celebrities promote them...
Saigou: Ready so soon with the (Tuna Sushi/Egg Roll/Onigiri/Dry-Braised Salted Fish)? Let me have a try.
(Opens item submit menu)
Saigou: Such dishes, which emphasize appearances and gimmicks over the food quality itself, have become prevalent everywhere.
Saigou: That's why I can only count on you, Traveler. Please bring a (Tuna Sushi/Egg Roll/Onigiri/Dry-Braised Salted Fish) to me. I will prepare suitable payment.
Saigou: The fish doesn't have its typical flavor, while the rice doesn't have its normal texture... Uhh...
Saigou: The original taste of the egg yolk... is indeed preserved, but it's too... too much.
Saigou: The quality of this Dry-Braised Salted Fish is unbelievable!
Saigou: This taste really is, uh, unique...
Saigou: This taste... is really peculiar...
Saigou: To think that you were able to turn an ordinary dish such as Egg Roll into a perfect delicacy. There is no doubt that your skills are top notch.
Saigou: Traveler, if you are free, could you help me find such a dish?
Saigou: Traveler, thank you for bringing me such a moving dish.
Saigou: What's going on? My taste buds can't seem to identify this strange taste. I can't tell if its good or bad...
Saigou: What's the secret... Could it be the preparation of the ingredients? It's so...