 "This generation," you say?
 Come here now, be good...
"Hachihou":  Meow meow.
 I actually think they would've made it back themselves...
 I'm no expert in catching cats...
Neko: Meow, meow. Fear not. Those little ones do not fear humans anyway... In fact, you might say that it is precisely because no one plays with them that they always run off by themselves.
 I've come to take you home.
"Konbumaru": Meow! Meow... meow.
 It's a work in progress...
 Leave it to us.
 Meow, meow...
"Hachihou": Meow... meow meow meow?
 Meow, meow...
"Konbumaru": Meow meow? Meow...
 Meshi...
 Quest DescriptionNeko, "Provisional Head Priestess of the Asase Shrine," seems to have business with you...
 That scope's too broad...
 Then, Hachihou is...
 What's the matter?
 Who's Konbumaru...
 Yep.
"Hachihou":  Meow meow.
"Hachihou": Meow, meow meow meow... meow...
"Hachihou": Meow, meow meow?
"Hachihou": Meow... meow meow meow?
"Konbumaru": Meow meow? Meow...
"Konbumaru": Meow! Meow meow!
"Konbumaru": Meow! Meow meow, meow!
"Konbumaru": Meow! Meow... meow.
"Konbumaru": Meow...
Neko starts to mark the map...
Neko: 'Really? It's a very high place and a body of saltwater.
Neko: A few of them ran off again today, which is most worrying indeed.
Neko: A good child. This generation's Konbumaru is a smart one.
Neko: A very agile little fellow, and very fond of fish as well. As such, it will sometimes go to the seaside to look for fish that have washed up on the shore.
Neko: Ah, it's you. Some of those little rascals have run off, and I know not where they've gone. This is most worrying...
Neko: And if they were to run into the tingly, zappy place, the hair all over their bodies will stand on end. I would not see those little rascals experience something so terrible.
Neko: But it is very dangerous. Water is a most frightening thing. A long, long time ago, a certain... tanuki, was it? That fellow into the water, and nearly didn't come back.
Neko: But there are always some who will not listen and go gallivanting about. I always have to expend much effort to bring them home...
Neko: Found those two children, have you?
Neko: Hah, that's a good child. Alright, alright. It's just good that you have returned.
Neko: Have you found them?
Neko: Hibiki would sometimes talk about it. I cannot claim to have understood, but from her expression when she spoke about Konbumaru, it must have been something good.
Neko: I name the little ones after good things. And once the little ones are little no more and depart, I will use those same names for ever younger cats.
Neko: I owe you much. If not for your help, these little rascals would have gone hungry out in the wild.
Neko: If you can spare the time, do come again. I might still have other matters in which you might have a hand.
Neko: Konbumaru loves to sleep in high places, so it would be best if you started there.
Neko: Meow, meow. Fear not. Those little ones do not fear humans anyway... In fact, you might say that it is precisely because no one plays with them that they always run off by themselves.
Neko: Mm, is that so? Then make haste, lest those two run yet further than they already have.
Neko: No back-talk! Or should I not go and find you, and simply let you... let you go hungry from when the sun is up, to when the moon rises, to when the sun hangs high again, and leave you to find your way home?
Neko: Oh, meow, meow... Where did they go...
Neko: Please, I need your help to find Konbumaru and Hachihou.
Neko: The outside is a very dangerous place. Though I have taught them a great many times, those stick-wielding hairy churls and those balls of water and fire are still perilous.
Neko: Then it is in your hands, meow, meow. Ah, these children...
Neko: Whatever the case, you have my thanks.
Neko: You can probably find Hachihou by bodies of saltwater, looking for fish or crabs.
Neko: You! You never have ears for me, do you? Why can't you both be as good as Meshi?
Neko: You. You really do lack powers of comprehension, don't you? This is the very high place, and this is the saltwater body. They will surely be there.
Paimon: Aw, what an obedient little kitty...
Paimon: Hahaha, you really do name them after good things...
Paimon: Hehe, it sure looked fierce, but guess it's just gonna let you carry it after all, huh?
Paimon: Huh? Do you hear that? That's... a little cat, isn't it?
Paimon: Nice, now let's go get that other cat.
Paimon: Oh, so this must be "Hachihou"...
Paimon: That might be Konbumaru! Let's listen closely. Where is he...
Paimon: That might just be Hachihou. Let's listen carefully and follow the sound.
Paimon: This should be Konubumaru's favorite spot, huh...
Paimon: This should be the place where Hachihou hangs out...
Paimon: Uh, how about we show Neko our map...
Paimon: Well, that's both kittens found. Let's bring them back to the shrine.
Paimon: Whoa! That's a fierce little kitten alright. Be careful...
The kitten named Hachihou snuggles into your arms...
The kitten named Konbumaru jumps into your arms...
The two kittens jump out of your arms...