 Alright...
 Did you think of going back to Narukami Island to have a meal?
Ooshima Junpei: Well, it's really far away, for one thing. And for another... I was just getting the hang of this carving. If I'd left at this point, the journey might have deprived me of that "feeling," see.
Ooshima Junpei: I'd prefer to eat a quick meal here before continuing to carve.
 Is the stone carving done?
 It sure does.
Ooshima Junpei: Right? Ah, I spent a few days burning the midnight oil on this, too...
 It's "salary."
Neko: Meow meow meow, how bothersome of you.
Neko: Just give them to him — they are good things, after all.
 It's a lot larger, that's for sure.
Ooshima Junpei: Well, of course. The Lady Priestess is quite a bit larger than your average cat, but if you want a more majestic statue, then it's got to be even larger still. This is a shrine statue, after all!
 Just fish?
Neko: Meow, I did get Konbumaru to lead those children to try to catch some finches, but it did not turn out very well.
Neko: For them, catching fish is still simpler.
 Neko sends you some fish.
 Quest DescriptionNeko, "Provisional Head Priestess of the Asase Shrine," seems to have business with you...
 What do the two have in common, again?
Neko: Bring these fish to that tall human.
Neko: For them, catching fish is still simpler.
Neko: It is very noisy, yes, but I am the provisional head priestess. Such trivial matters are not worth complaining about.
Neko: Just give them to him — they are good things, after all.
Neko: Meow meow meow, how bothersome of you.
Neko: Meow, I did get Konbumaru to lead those children to try to catch some finches, but it did not turn out very well.
Neko: They are good things, and may be considered his... "celery."
Neko: This is... quite incredible...
Neko: When we began, that stone did not look a thing like me. But with each passing glance, it becomes more and more so.
Neko: You humans really are incredible.
Ooshima Junpei: *sigh* But what I'd like to have is some meat, you know? Some firm, juicy meat...
Ooshima Junpei: Ah, I'm pretty hungry, I think... Time to go look for something to eat again...
Ooshima Junpei: Come back in a while and have a look at the final product.
Ooshima Junpei: Eating some good meat gives you the strength to keep going! It just wasn't the same with those fish. I couldn't help but feel like my hands were too weak for the work...
Ooshima Junpei: Haha, it's you. Do you think it looks a bit more like the Lady Priestess now?
Ooshima Junpei: Hmm, well, the Lady Priestess has my thanks, but uh... I think I'll look for food on my own...
Ooshima Junpei: Honestly, I was starting to get worried that I might take longer than expected to finish the whole statue. Well, that's not a problem now, thanks to you!
Ooshima Junpei: How did it go? Were you able to get the Raw Meat?
Ooshima Junpei: I mean, I am being employed by a... cat, sure, but one should always avoid asking for extensions.
Ooshima Junpei: I'd prefer to eat a quick meal here before continuing to carve.
Ooshima Junpei: I'll whip up a few good dishes in just a moment. With any luck, I might even finish my carving faster after eating, haha!
Ooshima Junpei: I'm no good at hunting, so I haven't been able to get any meat these past few days... So please, give me a hand!
Ooshima Junpei: I'm not sure what that means exactly, but well... I'm quite looking forward to it, actually.
Ooshima Junpei: I've been heading out to forage for food. When I'm lucky, I can grab a finch or a pigeon...
Ooshima Junpei: I've eaten fish for several straight days now. I don't think I could eat any more...
Ooshima Junpei: If you don't mind, could you get me three servings of Raw Meat?
Ooshima Junpei: Ooh... the marbling... Thank you both so much!
Ooshima Junpei: Please help me out. Just three servings will do!
Ooshima Junpei: Right? Ah, I spent a few days burning the midnight oil on this, too...
Ooshima Junpei: So, uh, Traveler...
Ooshima Junpei: Well, it's really far away, for one thing. And for another... I was just getting the hang of this carving. If I'd left at this point, the journey might have deprived me of that "feeling," see.
Ooshima Junpei: Well, of course. The Lady Priestess is quite a bit larger than your average cat, but if you want a more majestic statue, then it's got to be even larger still. This is a shrine statue, after all!
Ooshima Junpei: Well, this certainly looks the part now...
Ooshima Junpei: Whatever the case, I'll get this one done as soon as I can... Come to think of it, the Lady Priestess said that once the statue is completed, something good will happen.