 How long has this thing been in disrepair?
Neko: Very long. It fell apart before the box did, and the box fell into ruin ages ago.
Paimon: So you don't know at all, do you...
Neko: Hah. I do not particularly follow how many times the sun rises or sets.
Paimon: Well, we should have some stuff left over from when we were fixing that Offering Box, right?
 I just know a few tricks.
 I was commissioned by the provisional head priestess.
 I wouldn't totally say so...
 I've fixed it.
 It has nothing to do with the material, per se...
 I—I don't think it's because they love the wood...
 Not going to tell them yourself?
 Quest DescriptionNeko, "Provisional Head Priestess of the Asase Shrine," seems to have business with you...
 Thank you.
 The Prayer Rack's been fixed.
 The wood is really not the important part...
 Well, leave that to us.
Paimon: Now that you mention it, we should have some leftover material from when we fixed that Offering Box, right?
 What are you doing?
 What are you two doing?
 Why do you want to restore the shrine, anyway?
 You could say that...
Eiko: ...Has that provisional head priestess realized this yet? What motive does it have for repairing that shrine?
Eiko: ...Never mind, maybe I'm just letting my suspicion get the better of me. We can go over to that Prayer Rack, no problem.
Eiko: As far as I'm concerned, this is just an opportunity to slack off for a moment.
Eiko: But I'd call remaining on guard the right option.
Eiko: But the Prayer Plaques... You can't see what they say at all. How long has it been since...
Eiko: But the inhabitants around these parts all migrated long ago.
Eiko: First the Offering Box, now the Prayer Rack...
Eiko: Hanging a Prayer Plaque up at this shrine...
Eiko: Hehe, what an interesting thought. Pass me one of those plaques, I'll handle the drawing myself.
Eiko: Hi. Need any help?
Eiko: In short, no one on this island's coming to pay respects at this shrine but us.
Eiko: Investigating this shrine's surroundings.. Well, that's Taisuke's idea, anyway.
Eiko: My wish, huh... Well then, let's go with "I wish to live comfortably." How about that?
Eiko: This provisional head priestess really is serious about repairing the shrine, huh...
Eiko: You did a beautiful job repairing this Prayer Rack.
Neko: ...Whatever the case may be, the rack is now in a sorry state and has been left wanting for more wooden blocks.
Neko: Ah, arrived, have you? I slept most well last night after you cleaned the shrine... meow, meow..
Neko: Also, Hibiki would be most grieved should she return and find this shrine all broken-down.
Neko: Another quiet day today...
Neko: As such, I must ask another thing of you — to fix that wooden rack.
Neko: But when those two green humans came by, they seemed quite interested in that wooden rack there, meow.
Neko: Go tell those two green humans that the shelf has been fixed, and that they can now hang their little wooden blocks on it.
Neko: Good, very good. Meow meow meow! At this rate, the shrine will surely be restored to liveliness.
Neko: Hah. I do not particularly follow how many times the sun rises or sets.
Neko: Hmm... Does this mean that humans love wood? It is true that many visitors would go to that wooden rack to hang small wooden blocks after offering up some Mora.
Neko: I have espied those two green humans preparing to hang up Prayer Plaques. You are indeed a reliable pair.
Neko: I might still require your help from time to time, meow. Don't you decline when the time comes, now.
Neko: I recall Hibiki calling the rack itself a "Prayer Rack," and these small wooden blocks "Prayer Plaques." It just so happened that many people frequented this shrine on the account of this wooden rack.
Neko: Is that so? Then... did they do it because they dislike wood? ...To punish the wood, perhaps?
Neko: It must be the ruination of the rack and the shrine running out of wood that no one comes by anymore.
Neko: Meow, meow, but with your aid, it shall surely return to its former glory in no time at all.
Neko: Meow, meow, meow... It seems that besides "cleanup" and fixing that box, this rack, too, is very important.
Neko: Meow, meow, meow... That wooden shelf...
Neko: Meow, meow... If they could tell more people of the repairs made, perhaps still more people might come...
Neko: No! Th—That green, tall human is very scary. H—He can read the hearts of cats... My guise is no match for his keen eyes! Meow, meow!
Neko: Not to mention how he gets far too excited each time he talks to me... Meow, meow...
Neko: Now then, go and tell those two green humans that the shelf has been fixed, and that they can now hang wooden blocks on it. And while they are at it, they can bring some other people to come and pay respects and stuff the box with Mora.
Neko: Of such things, I cannot be sure... Why do you humans love wood so much, anyway?
Neko: Oho! Have you indeed? Ah, this shrine looks yet more the part now! Meow, meow!
Neko: Once that box and shelf are both fixed, the number of humans coming here should swell.
Neko: That said, no other humans besides them came to pay their respects here. Very strange...
Neko: Those two people in green came by for a stroll yesterday as well.
Neko: Though I cannot claim to understand the relationship between humans and wood, a shrine must have these all the same.
Neko: Unya, meow... Why, indeed... I am the provisional head priestess, after all. It is my duty to care for the shrine, to have many people pay respects here, to make this shrine a lively place.
Neko: Very long. It fell apart before the box did, and the box fell into ruin ages ago.
Neko: Well, once they're done, I am sure that they will inform other humans, and that those will visit this shrine.
Neko: Whatever the case may be, I shall leave the matter of the wooden shelf to you. This shrine will not take care of itself, after all, meow.
Paimon Let's go back and tell Neko...
Paimon Well, that should do it...
Paimon: But at least it hasn't collapsed yet! Let's get it fixed.
Paimon: Let's go tell Neko. It'll be pleased for sure!
Paimon: Now that you mention it, we should have some leftover material from when we fixed that Offering Box, right?
Paimon: Oh boy, this Prayer Rack's a real mess...
Paimon: So you don't know at all, do you...
Paimon: Uh, you know what, never mind... Paimon remembers that we have some spares. Let's look around a bit.
Paimon: Well, looks like they're preparing to put some Prayer Plaques up, huh?
Paimon: Well, we should have some stuff left over from when we were fixing that Offering Box, right?
Taisuke: Do you have any wishes, Miss Eiko? I can draw them out for you.
Taisuke: Even though the various shrine facilities have long fallen into ruin... It does have them all nonetheless.
Taisuke: Has she noticed our actions, then?
Taisuke: Hello there, Traveler. What can I do for you?
Taisuke: Hmm, what should I write? Something about becoming a successful adventurer, perhaps?
Taisuke: It is? You fixed it? You're a kind soul, aren't you...
Taisuke: L—Lady Neko commissioned you to do it?
Taisuke: Miss Eiko! I found a few wooden planks nearby, and I, ah, carved us a few Prayer Plaques.
Taisuke: Miss Eiko! Let's go over to where the Prayer Rack is!
Taisuke: Miss Eiko, Lady Neko is just a cat...
Taisuke: Oh, hello there, Traveler. Miss Eiko and I are currently investigating the area around this shrine.
Taisuke: People from the nearby villages must have all come to this place to pay respects. I suppose that its ruin must have something to do with the abandoned Koseki Village...
Taisuke: Since this Prayer Rack's been repaired, it needs some Prayer Plaques hung on it, after all.
Taisuke: That Prayer Rack looks like it's been kaput for a very long time...
Taisuke: What are you trying to say, Miss Eiko?
You and Paimon find the repair materials...
You start to fix the Prayer Rack...