
Ooshima Junpei: Hey there, have you secured the 3 Iron Chunks?

Ooshima Junpei: Wonderful! These will do, I think.
Ooshima Junpei: I'll go find a suitable place outside to set a furnace up, and then I'll start making my tools.
Ooshima Junpei: Just let the Lady Priestess know, would you? I'll be packing up over here.
 ...
 Did his tools break or something...
 Encountering some trouble?
 How much is it going to be?
Neko: Mm? What does "how much" mean?
 How's the statue?
 I think what he wants is Mora...
 I think you mean "employer" and "salary."
 Is it done?
 It's "salary."
 Leave it to me.
Ooshima Junpei: Great! It's up to you, then.
 No, there aren't any issues. Things are going well.
 Quest DescriptionNeko, "Provisional Head Priestess of the Asase Shrine," seems to have business with you...
 Well, a salary is very important, actually.
 You're going to forge them yourself?
Ooshima Junpei: Come on, I'm someone who worked at Tatarasuna. Of course I know a thing or three about forging.
Ooshima Junpei: However, I probably shouldn't start any sort of furnace at the shrine. I imagine that the Lady Priestess would be displeased. It is a cat, after all.
Ooshima Junpei: Either way, please help me find 3 Iron Chunks.
Neko: "Celery"...
Neko: A "celery" is important to humans. I will remember that.
Neko: Ah, I am filled with expectation! What sort of good thing might happen? Perhaps Hibiki may even return...
Neko: Ah, is that the case? So humans are particular about such things... Alright. I shall permit him to scratch my ears.
Neko: He then started to knock on it, donk-donk-donk, all while muttering things about "employer" and "salary."
Neko: Hibiki said that once the stone in my likeness was made, some good thing might happen.
Neko: However, the stone human is no longer going donk-donk-donk. He seems to be carrying a short wooden pole, who knows what for...
Neko: Is it not? Hmm, then perhaps I should give him something to eat.
Neko: Meow meow meow. Is something the matter? Not to worry, I will prepare an adequate "celery."
Neko: Mm? Problems, you say?
Neko: Mm? What does "how much" mean?
Neko: Mmph. I will trust your words on account of the aid you've provided so far. I will speak to the stone human when we return.
Neko: Mora? Are these things not for shoving inside the Offering Box? How strange. To think that humans were concerned about such things.
Neko: No, but before I knew it, he had brought a big, big stone over.
Neko: Speaking of which, I would like to ask: what is an "envoyer," and what is "celery"?
Neko: That is good. I look forward to seeing that stone, yes.
Neko: That stone human is most skilled, meow meow meow.
Ooshima Junpei: *sigh* How am I supposed to work without a hammer or chisel...
Ooshima Junpei: Also, this stone's composition is very hard. If we were to use ordinary tools, they would break pretty quickly.
Ooshima Junpei: Come on, I'm someone who worked at Tatarasuna. Of course I know a thing or three about forging.
Ooshima Junpei: Either way, please help me find 3 Iron Chunks.
Ooshima Junpei: Great! It's up to you, then.
Ooshima Junpei: Hey there, have you secured the 3 Iron Chunks?
Ooshima Junpei: Hmm, you know what...
Ooshima Junpei: How do I put this... I guess I'm just more used to finishing work like this in one go, you know?
Ooshima Junpei: However, I probably shouldn't start any sort of furnace at the shrine. I imagine that the Lady Priestess would be displeased. It is a cat, after all.
Ooshima Junpei: I plan on making some tools personally, ones suited to the task.
Ooshima Junpei: I'd like to return to Narukami Island to buy some more, but...
Ooshima Junpei: I'll go find a suitable place outside to set a furnace up, and then I'll start making my tools.
Ooshima Junpei: If I left now and went to Narukami Island to get some tools, I'd probably have to re-acquaint myself with the "feel" of this carving...
Ooshima Junpei: Just let the Lady Priestess know, would you? I'll be packing up over here.
Ooshima Junpei: My tools might be broken, but I can still do some measurements and figure out how I want to continue carving.
Ooshima Junpei: Oh, it's you. Well... I was careless. I didn't check my tools properly when we came here, so just as I was getting engrossed in my work, I broke my hammer and chisel by mistake...
Ooshima Junpei: Traveler, could you help me find 3 Iron Chunks?
Ooshima Junpei: Wonderful! These will do, I think.
Paimon: A wooden pole? Isn't statue-carving done with a hammer, a chisel, and stuff like that?
Paimon: Basically, since you asked him to do something, he should be given something in return.
Paimon: Oh brother. Come on then, (Traveler), let's go find Mr. Ooshima. Sounds like he needs some help!
Paimon: Uh, Paimon doesn't think that's enough...
Paimon: Uh, never mind. Basically, the stone human... Mr. Ooshima's tools are broken, but we gave him the materials he needs to repair 'em, so there shouldn't be any problem!