 ...
 ...Looks like we'll have to ask a chef.
Paimon: Sure, but... Where do we find a chef who knows how to make cat food? Hmm... Let's ask Taisuke and Eiko. Maybe they'll know what to do.
 A cunning plan?
 Actually, me too...
 Glad you enjoyed it.
 Have you figured it out already?
Kiminami Anna: I have some thoughts, but they haven't completely taken shape yet...
Kiminami Anna: Just help me get those three servings of Seagrass first. Thank you very much.
 It's going to be difficult, isn't it?
 It's just been a while since someone made you food.
 It's probably the passion of the person who made it.
 Let's go ask those two adventurers.
Paimon: Oh yeah, that's right! Taisuke and Eiko are adventurers, so they might know something.
 Not to doubt your wisdom...
 Quest DescriptionNeko, "Provisional Head Priestess of the Asase Shrine," seems to have business with you...
 So I need to make Neko a meal...
 So, what was the name of the dish that Hibiki would make?
 So...
 Surely as I live and breathe...
 Thank you.
 Thanks, we'll go look for her.
 That we have.
 That's some strong intuition you've got there...
 They absolutely loved it.
 This one's called the "Invigorating Kitty Meal," you know.
 Uh, so, about Neko's meal...
 We need to find a reliable chef...
 We'll leave it in your hands, then.
 What are you, Paimon, a cat?
Paimon: Hey, that's rude! Good food is a universal language, don't you know?
Paimon: Anyway, thanks a bunch, Miss Kiminami!
 What's in that meal?
 What's the matter?
 You can go have a look yourself.
 You got it.
Kiminami Anna: It'll be in your hands then. Just three servings will do. Once you find them, come back and give them to me.
 You want me to make you some food?
 You're so easily read, Paimon.
Paimon: Come on, Paimon's a friend to cats! Now, Neko, do you still remember the ingredients that went into that dish?
Eiko: Hehe, well, I hope that this shrine really does thrive.
Eiko: Hmm? It's you. Is there anything we can do for you?
Eiko: In other words, you'd like a chef who can help you figure out "how to make something a cat would like out of these ingredients," right?
Eiko: Let me think... A chef... A chef...
Eiko: No need to thank us. Off you go, then, Taisuke and I still need to lay some plans for future exploration.
Eiko: Otherwise, the hard work that you and Neko put into fixing it might go to waste...
Eiko: Phew... I think we'll rest for a while...
Eiko: She's a very nice person, and she's good at cooking as well. She should be able to help you out.
Eiko: Well, why don't you try going to Inazuma City and looking for Kiminami Anna at Kiminami Restaurant?
Eiko: You're looking for a chef? On Seirai Island?
Kiminami Anna starts cooking...
Kiminami Anna: "Neko?" ... Might that be a cat's name, by any chance?
Kiminami Anna: ...
Kiminami Anna: Ah, right... I nearly forgot about that. Let me think...
Kiminami Anna: Ah, yes, let me write the recipe down for you as well.
Kiminami Anna: Alright, off you go now. Don't keep Neko waiting.
Kiminami Anna: Great! Give me a moment. I think... I think I know what to do now!
Kiminami Anna: Hello, welcome to Kiminami Restaurant. Would you like something?
Kiminami Anna: Hello— Oh it's you! Miss Kamisato's friend! Come in, come in! What can I help you with?
Kiminami Anna: Hmm, a dish that a cat would enjoy, huh...
Kiminami Anna: How is it? Have you found the three servings of Seagrass yet?
Kiminami Anna: I have some thoughts, but they haven't completely taken shape yet...
Kiminami Anna: I'll be sure to head down to that Asase Shrine to pay her a visit once I find the time.
Kiminami Anna: Is... Is that really true? I've never heard of such a thing!
Kiminami Anna: It'll be in your hands then. Just three servings will do. Once you find them, come back and give them to me.
Kiminami Anna: It's alright, don't worry! Just take this meal and the recipe as a present for Neko.
Kiminami Anna: It's done!
Kiminami Anna: Just help me get those three servings of Seagrass first. Thank you very much.
Kiminami Anna: Let me consider how I'm going to structure this recipe. In the meantime, help me prepare three servings of Seagrass.
Kiminami Anna: No problem!
Kiminami Anna: No. I just thought that it was a fitting name for a cat.
Kiminami Anna: Now then. I believe that Fish, Raw Meat, Seagrass, and Rice will make for a dish that even cats will fall over themselves to get a taste of. Leave it to me, Traveler!
Kiminami Anna: Seirai Island, was it? I'll go there for sure if I get the chance!
Kiminami Anna: There's... an Asase Shrine on Seirai Island, and that shrine is home to a talking cat!? And that cat asked you to make it a meal?
Kiminami Anna: This is a challenge to the Kiminami family name! I'm going to overcome it, no matter what!
Kiminami Anna: Well then! Here's your dish to go.
Kiminami Anna: What shall we call this? Hmm... Since it's for a talking cat, let's call this the Invigorating Kitty Meal!
Neko: ...
Neko: ...Ah, but that dish was truly a thing of wonder! Even after wandering far off, or having spent years and years without it, I still remember its flavor...
Neko: ...And you are right. Meals are good things, and all good things should have names.
Neko: ...Meow.
Neko: ...Still, you have my thanks. Long years it has been since I last tasted something this good.
Neko: A name? Dishes need names?
Neko: Ah, but Domeki... Tsk, that glutton. He would always eat so very much. A more undignified sight I have never seen.
Neko: Ah, you're here. Great timing. I have need of aid.
Neko: And she will make you hers. Then, you shall be able to eat two different yet delicious dishes.
Neko: And when you are done, eat it together with us.
Neko: But when I ate it, the feeling it gave me was the same as the feeling of eating together with Hibiki.
Neko: Have you brought the meal to those little ones?
Neko: Hibiki would make a huge pot of it every time, and humans and cats would partake together. Even those who visited the shrine would get a share.
Neko: I do not recall.
Neko: I have been instructing the little ones to maintain a dignified bearing and not abase themselves before humans.
Neko: I shall leave the cooking to you.
Neko: Indeed, that is all the more reason for me to restore this shrine. When Hibiki returns, we shall all eat together.
Neko: Is that so? Wonderful, wonderful. Meow, meow...
Neko: It has been too long since I ate something so wondrous.
Neko: It is quite different from how Hibiki used to make it, yes.
Neko: It's very good. You are most reliable indeed.
Neko: I—Is not leaving such matters to you the very point of this exercise? Must I do everything myself?
Neko: Meow meow, meow... Though I now need neither food nor water, the taste of a meal with rice is always too great a temptation...
Neko: Meow, meow! Wonderful! Allow me to have a taste.
Neko: Meow, meow, I will ask Hibiki when she returns. You can make her your dish then, too...
Neko: Meow, meow?
Neko: Mmm, it's somewhat different from how Hibiki used to make it...
Neko: Nonetheless, I have a cunning plan.
Neko: Of course I remember. Fish meat, animal meat, water-grown grass, and white rice.
Neko: Since I enjoy it, they should too. Perhaps they will be more obedient after eating such a wonderful meal...
Neko: Thank you. This is most delicious. Meow meow.
Neko: Thanks to you, the shrine has been greatly improved, and we can expect the humans to return very soon indeed.
Neko: That little one was named Meshi, precisely because that is the best thing I could think of in all the world.
Neko: The little ones will love it as well. Could you please bring this meal to them as well?
Neko: This smell... You've done it, then?
Neko: Unfortunately, they are too used to running wild and will not listen to instruction.
Neko: Very good, your comprehension is excellent. Yes, I am asking you to make a dish.
Neko: What a complicated name. Still, I do not hate it.
Neko: When I was still very, very young, I too enjoyed playing everywhere. In an effort to bring me in line along with the other cats, Hibiki would make a most delicious dish.
Neko: Whenever that meal was served, the cats would come running in from trees and rooftops alike. No matter how hot it was, or how scalded our tongues got, we could not resist it.
Neko: Why is this so, human? Are you humans capable of some strange magic?
Paimon: (Is Neko unhappy that it tastes different from how this Hibiki person used to make it?)
Paimon: Anyway, thanks a bunch, Miss Kiminami!
Paimon: But do you really know how this dish should be made?
Paimon: Come on, Paimon's a friend to cats! Now, Neko, do you still remember the ingredients that went into that dish?
Paimon: D—Delicious, you say...!
Paimon: Hey, that's rude! Good food is a universal language, don't you know?
Paimon: Is it gonna be difficult?
Paimon: I—It should be pretty good. C'mon, let's have a go at it!
Paimon: Never mind that for now. This is how it happened...
Paimon: Oh yeah, that's right! Taisuke and Eiko are adventurers, so they might know something.
Paimon: Ooh, so that's Fish, Raw Meat, Seagrass, and Rice, huh... How was it made, then?
Paimon: Ooh, that smells awesome! Paimon really wants to try some...
Paimon: Ooh, this is great!
Paimon: P—Paimon wants some too...
Paimon: Sure, but... Where do we find a chef who knows how to make cat food? Hmm... Let's ask Taisuke and Eiko. Maybe they'll know what to do.
Paimon: Well, (Traveler), looks like this is a job for us, eh? It's for the shrine's sake, after all!
Paimon: Well, here's the thing. Neko would like us to...
Paimon: Well, that should do it. The cats seem to be really enjoying themselves. Let's go back and look for Neko.
Paimon: Woohoo! Guess (Traveler)-made Kitty Meals are on the menu in the near future!
Paimon: You know who Neko is?
Taisuke: Ah, darn it! If only I had some skill in cooking...
Taisuke: Huh. So Lady Neko wants you to prepare some food, is that right?
Taisuke: Miss Eiko, where should we go next?
You eat the Invigorating Kitty Meal that Kiminami made together with Paimon and Neko...
You relate Neko's request...
You relate the sequence of events in detail...