 It's better to offer one of those sachets.
Shouta: Okay. Let's go with your idea!
 Let's go with Tricolor Dango.
Shouta: Really? Okay! I happened to have brought one with me. My mom made it for me and I haven't even eaten it yet...
Shouta: Let's offer it up, then!
 No problem. Let's go.
Shouta: Thank you, big (bro/sis)!
 Not going yourself?
Shouta: Nanatsuki is pretty serious most of the time. I don't have the guts to go ask for her help myself...
Shouta: But if you're with me, big (bro/sis), things will probably go better...
 Quest DescriptionSomething seems to be bothering a boy named Shouta...
 So, he wants to ask about lacquerware...
 Why do you need lacquerware?
"Mysterious item in front of the shrine": There's a mysterious item inside the box. It seems like a present from the Archons. Maybe it has some peculiar effects?
After you prepare everything with Shouta, he makes an offering at the shrine.
Shouta: But if you're with me, big (bro/sis), things will probably go better...
Shouta: But would it be disrespectful to offer Tricolor Dango? I offered Konpeito Candy before as well, but I got no reply.
Shouta: Could you go ask her about the lacquerware, big (bro/sis)?
Shouta: From what I've heard, if you give precious offerings to the shrine, maybe your wishes will come true.
Shouta: Hmm, I think I get it... and I also don't. But thank you anyway, Nanatsuki.
Shouta: However, I don't have money to buy any lacquerware. That's why I want to make one for myself.
Shouta: I heard that Nanatsuki from Yayoi Lacquerware is very good at making them...
Shouta: I mean, Nanatsuki said that I should, didn't she? But what should I offer, exactly...
Shouta: I think that pretty lacquerware is very valuable. If I used those as offerings to the shrine, then I'd be sure to get a reply.
Shouta: I'll come back here tomorrow to check again. I hope that I'll receive a reply...
Shouta: I've also heard that some people will pack fresh petals into sachets and offer those. That sounds more appropriate than Dango.
Shouta: Is... is that so? But I can't really think of anything else to offer to the shrine...
Shouta: Lacquerware... how do you make those...
Shouta: Let's go back to the shrine first, big (bro/sis). I still need your help with figuring out the kind of things I want to offer.
Shouta: Let's offer it up, then!
Shouta: Nanatsuki is pretty serious most of the time. I don't have the guts to go ask for her help myself...
Shouta: O Archon, bless me and help my wishes come true.
Shouta: Oh, it's you, big (bro/sis). So here's the thing. Have you ever heard of a shrine's divine intervention?
Shouta: Okay. Let's go with your idea!
Shouta: Please, Nanatsuki. I have a wish that I want to have fulfilled! That's why I... Don't worry, I won't tell anyone about your secret formula!
Shouta: Really? Okay! I happened to have brought one with me. My mom made it for me and I haven't even eaten it yet...
Shouta: Right feelings and intentions... the things that I like...
Shouta: Speaking of things that I like, it's gotta be Tricolor Dango. I love them so much...
Shouta: Thank you for staying with me until now, big (bro/sis). Please have these. They're for you!
Shouta: Thank you, big (bro/sis)!
Shouta: Uhh... so...
Shouta: What should we do? What do you think we should offer, big (bro/sis)?
Yayoi Nanatsuki: Ah, so you want to offer lacquerwares to the shrine, and you want to make one yourself?
Yayoi Nanatsuki: And this isn't just about time, it's more about... the capital. I am the fourth generation successor to a family of lacquerware-makers.
Yayoi Nanatsuki: As long as you have the right feelings and intentions, and offer your favorite items, you should be able to get a response from the archons.
Yayoi Nanatsuki: Hello, is there anything I can help you with?
Yayoi Nanatsuki: I even traveled to Sumeru to study lacquerwares. So it's impossible for you to grasp lacquerwares overnight.
Yayoi Nanatsuki: In my opinion, it's not about the value of the item being offered to the shrine. This item you offer should represent your feelings.
Yayoi Nanatsuki: The issue is not the painting formula. If you want to make beautiful lacquerware, leaving the paint aside, you also need a long period of practice.