 "Tatarigami"?
 I'm still working on it.
 Is there anything I can help with?
 Not yet.
 Quest DescriptionYashiori Island is deep in the throes of the Tatarigami's effects. Still, a miner named Kaji remains on the island, seemingly searching for a way to inhibit the corruption's proliferation...
 Then why are you still here?
 What about your family?
 What's up?
Kaji: *sigh* This is such a headache...
Kaji: And if you don't manage it, just leave it. The most important thing is that you shouldn't stay in this place too long — it's dangerous.
Kaji: As you can see, the sky is now perpetually clouded and the rain won't stop. This is all because of the Tatarigami.
Kaji: But if you can't manage it, then like I was saying — don't stick around here too long.
Kaji: But please, be careful when you approach the ward. If you stare at it, it will release a burst of energy towards you...
Kaji: But seeing as you're a traveler from afar who has managed to venture this deep into Inazuma, you must certainly be able to hold your own.
Kaji: But someone had to stay and clean up the mess so that everyone else can return home eventually.
Kaji: Everyone's gone. There's hardly anyone living on this island anymore.
Kaji: Hello! Excuse me, outlander. Could you hear me out?
Kaji: Hmph! But if they had not destroyed our great Ogosho's ward, the island wouldn't have become such a mess in the first place!
Kaji: How're things going? Have you finished repairing the wards already?
Kaji: I think the ward is missing some components. It can probably be fixed by putting the missing parts back.
Kaji: I'll get straight to the point, then. The ward over there has been bothering me for a long time, maybe you could find a way to repair it?
Kaji: I'm sure that this awful weather can only be due to the wards' destruction.
Kaji: If it were any other child offering to help me out of the blue, I'd be laughing out loud right now...
Kaji: Ironically, due to the chaos created by the Tatarigami, the Shogunate and the rebels have not been fighting over this place quite as hard.
Kaji: It's fine. Take your time.
Kaji: It's harmless, but very uncomfortable. It feels like it's... rejecting you.
Kaji: No one on the island left voluntarily. We are a family here. Anywhere else we go, we'll have to work for someone else.
Kaji: Of course, that's just speculation on my part. I still can't say for sure what's gone wrong.
Kaji: Please don't linger on this island for too long. Recently, the Tatarigami's reach has spread wider and wider.
Kaji: Recently, one by one all the miners have fallen ill, gone insane, or fled to other islands...
Kaji: So, if you want to help, please help me fix this ward.
Kaji: They are in a safe place, but thanks for your concern. They must be waiting for me to bring them back here.
Kaji: What do the Commissions or dragons or serpents have to do with me, huh? They never asked my opinion before starting their cursed war!
Kaji: Why? Because this is my home.
Kaji: Yes, since the people from Sangonomiya destroyed the ward that suppressed the soul of the serpent god, the Tatarigami has spread across the island...