 Quest DescriptionThanks to your hard work, the Tatarigami's malignant spread has been suppressed for the time being. Kaji seems to have something to say to you...
 Quest DescriptionThe ancient ruins of what is now called Fort Mumei rises slowly from beneath the waves. Amidst the cries of whales and waves, you can hear a hidden, ancient grudge...
 Step DescriptionThe ruin interior seems rather strange. Perhaps you should investigate further...
 Step DescriptionUse Elemental Sight to find the Rock Pillar Pearl and Rock Pillar Warding Stone that the ward is missing, and place them back onto the ward.
 Submit Item
Kaji: *sigh* Alas, the age of heroes has come and gone, and the Kitain, who once destroyed so many evils, will never return again.
Kaji: But if you give it to a sufficiently skilled blacksmith, they should be able to recreate the glory it once had in Lord Kitain's hands.
Kaji: But they were never going to help resolve the situation on the island anyway. What we have done is at least better than leaving the problem to fester.
Kaji: Great. the final ward is repaired. The Tatarigami should be gone soon...
Kaji: Look, another ward!
Kaji: Next, I will go to my friends in the Shogunate army to see if there's anything I can help with. I hope to see you again in the future.
Kaji: Now, the gift I promised you.
Kaji: Once majestic, it was razed to the ground. Only a few ruins remain...
Kaji: Still, we seem to have gotten a step closer to matching Lord Kitain's deeds in the present, thanks to your help.
Kaji: Thanks for your efforts. Although the island is still full of dangers, this will give a little hope to all the people who have left their hometown and long to return.
Kaji: The fact that the rain has stopped may actually make the warring parties more aggressive in fighting for the island...
Kaji: This ancient city was destroyed when the mighty Ogosho fought against an evil god.
Kaji: This is the famed spear once used by the Prefects of Yashiori. Now, I'm not sure how much use this drawing will be to you...
Kaji: This path is broken. Let's find another route.
Place: It seems that two critical components are missing from the ward.
Touch Ward: The lantern has finally been repaired. The weather seems to have changed as well.