 Are you really making progress if other people are just falling behind?
 Feels like you'll be short one issue overall...
 Iron ores then.
 It feels like the archon doesn't have very clear standards...
 Let's check out the shrine at the city outskirts first.
 Let's go check out the shrine at Komore Teahouse first.
 Let's go with the small, cold dish.
 Let's make an offering of Konpeito candy, then.
 Let's make an offering of paper cranes, then.
 Perfectly balanced, as all things should be, I guess...?
 Quest DescriptionHaving seemingly obtained a reply from a deity, Shouta hopes that the shrine can show its power once again...
 What was your wish?
"Mysterious item in front of the shrine": There's a mysterious item inside the box. It seems like a present from the deity. Maybe it has some peculiar effects?
After preparing everything with Shouta, makes an offering at the shrine.
Shouta: A long time ago, someone made an offering to this shrine with Iron Ore used for forging blades, hoping that his martial arts skills could improve quickly.
Shouta: After I made an offering to the shrine from last time, my wish was granted... a small part of it, at least! But although it's just a small part... this must be the archon's answer, right?
Shouta: Alright, thank you for sticking with me this whole time. Please have these!
Shouta: And that's enough chitchat! What should we offer this time then?
Shouta: And then, the creator actually did double the amount of updated content in one issue!
Shouta: Big (bro/sis)! Listen! Listen!
Shouta: But anyway, everyone thinks that the archon did it. That's why I think we'll get a response if we make a wish at this shrine.
Shouta: But since this shrine is near the teahouse, would it be better if we make an offering of matcha-flavored Konpeito candies?
Shouta: Everybody believes that this was the archon's protection... Hehe, that's why I've also folded some paper cranes and brought them here.
Shouta: Great! Let's do just that!
Shouta: Hmm... anyway, I'm sure the archon heard my wishes. That means that the reason why they were not realized is that I didn't offer enough things!
Shouta: Hopefully, the archon will answer me this time as well.
Shouta: However, according to him, none of his opponents seemed to be feeling too good...
Shouta: However... I've also heard that he's gonna take a break for 3 issues.
Shouta: I found some near the entrance of the blacksmith's. However, they don't look all that good, which is probably why the blacksmith didn't mind giving them to me.
Shouta: I have asked my parents, and they say that there are still two shrines around here. One is near Komore Teahouse, and the other one is on the way out of the city.
Shouta: I heard that a Doushin made an offering of many paper cranes here a long, long time ago, wishing that everyone at Hanamizaka can live peacefully.
Shouta: I really hope that the archon will answer my wishes...
Shouta: I'll be back here tomorrow to see if anything special's happened.
Shouta: I'm just not sure if the archon likes this kind of small, cold dishes...
Shouta: I've also gathered some fresh Seagrass from around here. If I cook them and sprinkle some sugar... they'll surely taste amazing.
Shouta: Just like that guy, maybe we can get some response if we offer Iron Ore!
Shouta: Later on, that guy went to a martial arts tournament and defeated every adversary super easy! Everyone commended his outstanding martial skills.
Shouta: Nice! Let's go!
Shouta: So we're going to make an offering to other shrines today! This way, I'm sure my wishes will be granted completely!
Shouta: Soon after, a fire broke out nearby, and a house caught on fire. However, that house was built with shoddy materials anyway, so the fire finished it off really quickly, and it couldn't spread at all...
Shouta: This is the place.
Shouta: Uhh... the wish I made last time was for the creator of the manga I'm reading to be more productive. Having one update every two days would be best!
Shouta: We might get a response if we offer paper cranes, just like that Doushin.
Shouta: Well, that aside, what should we offer this time?
Shouta: Well, this is the place.
Shouta: What do you think, big (bro/sis)?
Shouta: Which shrine do you think we should go to first, big (bro/sis)?
Shouta: Yeah, and matcha-flavored Konpeito candies are things I like, too...