 *sigh* Fine, leave it to me...
Asagiri: I'll be counting on you then! Hehe, I've got my notebook ready!
Asagiri: If you hadn't shown up, I'd ask Miss Moriko to look for you...
 Are you still drawing illustrations?
 Do you want me to take more pictures?
 It's working alright...
 Okay, okay, I got it...
 Quest DescriptionAn illustrator named Asagiri from Inazuma seems to be troubled by something...
 You know you can just put up a request at the Adventurers' Guild, right?
Asagiri: Whoa! That won't do! Please, please, please help me! I've put up commissions but just couldn't find someone savvy enough to handle the Kamera.
Asagiri: Just help me this time, will you? If I so much as missed another deadline, Miss Moriko'd definitely knock on my door, threatening to move in!
Asagiri: My stomach is already telling me that it doesn't want the Sakura Chazuke she'll make! Traveler, you have to help me!
 Okay, okay, I got it...
Asagiri: Phew... What a relief. Wait a bit. Let me look for my notebook...
 You ran out of inspiration again?
Asagiri: *sigh* How I wish I was in a better condition. Then I could travel as freely as you do.
Asagiri: Ah, Traveler, what brings you here? It's been a while, and I thought you'd traveled to other nations.
Asagiri: Although Miss Moriko has rejected many jobs for me, the remaining commissions are still overwhelming...
Asagiri: And Miss Moriko wouldn't be able to come and nag me on work progress every day...
Asagiri: At first, I thought outside of Inazuma, Liyue and Mondstadt would be the furthest stages for their stories to unfold...
Asagiri: I'll be counting on you then! Hehe, I've got my notebook ready!
Asagiri: I'm counting on you to gather inspiration for me!
Asagiri: If I delay again, I bet Miss Moriko'll... *sob*
Asagiri: If you hadn't shown up, I'd ask Miss Moriko to look for you...
Asagiri: Just help me this time, will you? If I so much as missed another deadline, Miss Moriko'd definitely knock on my door, threatening to move in!
Asagiri: My illustrations last time were well received. Many novelists have since been requesting my works.
Asagiri: My stomach is already telling me that it doesn't want the Sakura Chazuke she'll make! Traveler, you have to help me!
Asagiri: On top of that, Yae Publishing House's novelists are getting... more and more creative with their themes...
Asagiri: Phew... What a relief. Wait a bit. Let me look for my notebook...
Asagiri: So, Traveler, please take more pictures throughout the world for me!
Asagiri: Well, enough of my complaints. Traveler, is your Kamera still functional?
Asagiri: Well, my payment last time was quite decent, wasn't it?
Asagiri: Whoa! That won't do! Please, please, please help me! I've put up commissions but just couldn't find someone savvy enough to handle the Kamera.
Asagiri: Why does Miss Moriko always give me these weird commissions?
Asagiri: Yet they now have protagonists adventuring in Sumeru, and Fontaine even.
Paimon: Huh? What's Asagiri doing over there? And she's got a terrible look on her face to boot.
Paimon: She isn't in trouble again, is she? Let's go over and see if she's alright!