 Are you all done?
 I believe you will succeed.
 I didn't hear you, what did you say?
 Quest Description Kujirai Momiji invites you all over. She seems to have come to some conclusion...
 Step Description After the plan to draw out the Lunar Leviathan failed, Kujirai Momiji left the shore in frustration. But today, she has asked you to come and join her once more — has she got her head back in the game, or does she have something else planned?
 The "Lunar Leviathan" won't be that stingy.
 What did Paimon wish for just now?
 You look well.
Eventually, you throw the drifting bottle with the wish written within into the ocean.
Kujirai Momiji: Although it is far from being able to express my gratitude to you, but it is a small token of my appreciation.
Kujirai Momiji: Because it turns out, it is just composed of a school of "Moonfins."
Kujirai Momiji: But I didn't understand. Why? What are things that girls should do?
Kujirai Momiji: But can't I go on an adventure, go far out to sea, or explore the ocean?
Kujirai Momiji: But my wish is to become a fisherman who surpasses my father.
Kujirai Momiji: Can you accompany me to the western beach tonight? I have something for you.
Kujirai Momiji: Do you have any wishes? Let's do this together, write down your wishes, stuff them into a drifting bottle, and throw it out with all your might. They will come true one day.
Kujirai Momiji: Even if the legend of the "Lunar Leviathan" is just a legend, I won't stop there.
Kujirai Momiji: Haha! Perhaps, well then watch me Kujirai Momiji catch them all!
Kujirai Momiji: Haha, I do miss him, but the people of the sea will have to return to the sea one day.
Kujirai Momiji: Haha, thanks for the compliment. I kind of thought it through.
Kujirai Momiji: He always said, "Momiji, don't hang around on the beach, go do something girls should do." Or he would say, "Take the money and buy a dress, don't run to the boat all the time." ...
Kujirai Momiji: I can buy candy, pick flowers, and be a little princess.
Kujirai Momiji: I will inherit the fishing methods of the Kujirai family. I will carry on the name of the Kujirai family of fishermen.
Kujirai Momiji: In that case, allow me to give you this fishing rod. It was specially made by the Kujirai family in pursuit of the "Lunar Leviathan".
Kujirai Momiji: Let's use it to catch all the "Moonfins"!
Kujirai Momiji: No wonder, after all these years, no one's been really able to catch the "Lunar Leviathan!"
Kujirai Momiji: Oh! I know...I know! So this is the "Lunar Leviathan!"
Kujirai Momiji: Perhaps, some things just can't be forced.
Kujirai Momiji: Since the divine fish is not here, I will pour my wishes into the sea. I think my father will see it.
Kujirai Momiji: Sorry for bothering you during this time! I don't even know how to thank you. Here are some gifts, I hope you don't mind...
Kujirai Momiji: Thank you.
Kujirai Momiji: That's right, I would never forget the way it looked. Its starry moonlit dots...That year that "Lunar Leviathan" also appeared under Jiawei when he dropped the drift bottle.
Kujirai Momiji: The more my father didn't want me to do it, the more I wanted to. After my father left, I became a fisherman.
Kujirai Momiji: There you are, sorry to bother you again.
Kujirai Momiji: These...these fish, they are "Moonfins"...
Kujirai Momiji: Those "Moonfins"...Who would have thought they would like an ordinary drifting bottle?
Kujirai Momiji: Those seas he couldn't explore, I'll explore then [sic]. Those large fishes he couldn't catch, I'll catch them.
Kujirai Momiji: We're here. This is where my father went to sea for the last time that year. It was a night like this too, and I never saw him again after that.
Kujirai Momiji: When I was young, I always wanted to sail with my father, but he would only let my mother take me back. He sometimes even took the neighbor's son, and was not willing to take me.
Kujirai Momiji: You'll see.
Paimon: But Paimon has so many wishes, which one to write... Paimon's so torn!
Paimon: Can't say! Can't say! If Paimon says it out loud, it won't come true!
Paimon: Eh? This is the "Lunar Leviathan?"
Paimon: Hehe, maybe they like the wishes that people pour into the bottles.
Paimon: Hmmm— Ok, listen carefully! Paimon will only say it once!
Paimon: Hmph, Paimon isn't going to repeat herself! Paimon wants to get some candy~ Lalala~
Paimon: It should be around here.
Paimon: Kujirai Momiji became the most well-known fisherwoman in Inazuma and did what her father could not — catching the "Lunar Leviathan."
Paimon: Nantuck also became a reputable author because of the book on the "Lunar Leviathan," although its contents are wrong.
Paimon: Paimon's wish is for your wish to come true.
Paimon: So Paimon feels, (Traveler)'s will come true too! Tee-hee!
Paimon: That's great. In a way, everyone who has pursued the "Lunar Leviathan" can be regarded as having their wishes fulfilled.
Paimon: We want to come too! Let us help!
Paimon: What a big school of fish! They're glowing, they seem to like our drifting bottles!
Paimon: When these guys gather together, it's like a big moon in the sea!
Paimon: Wow, is it some kind of sea treasure!
Paimon: Wow— Does this really work?
Paimon: Wow— Look, what's that!
Paimon: You miss him a lot, don't you? Is your wish to see your father again?
Paimon: You see you see, hasn't Jiawei found a healthy wife?