
 But we didn't ask Yoimiya...
 How's business doing today?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Good, very good! Hahaha, my little girl's a real good tinkerer, she is, eh?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Did you come looking for her today?
 Huh. Then where is she?
 I didn't have quite enough...
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Oh, you really liked it, didn't you? Don't worry. I'll pass you some next time.
 Is Yoimiya in?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Ah, you're here looking for her, eh?
 Quest DescriptionNaganohara Fireworks seems to have come up with some new pyrotechnics...
 They were lovely.
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Glad that you enjoyed them!
 Uh, is this really okay?
 We were looking to hang out with Yoimiya...
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Ah. Well in that case, I don't think you're going to have any luck. You can never know when she'll be back when she goes out to tinker with her fireworks.
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: How about this, then? She did make and then leave some new fireworks here in the store before she went out. Why don't you take them and go out to play?
 We'd like to have fun with some fireworks...
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Haha, I see, I see. That's good, then. Yoimiya did make and then leave some new fireworks here in the store before she went out. Why don't you take them and go out to play?
 Yoimiya! Where's she gone?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Ah, you're back! How were the fireworks?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Ah, you're here looking for her, eh?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Ah. Well in that case, I don't think you're going to have any luck. You can never know when she'll be back when she goes out to tinker with her fireworks.
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: And once Yoimiya gets back, I'll pass your message on to her.
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Besides, my little girl was looking for people to give these things a test run anyway. Since you're here, it might as well be you, eh?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Did you come looking for her today?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Do you have something you need from her? Would you like to buy some fireworks?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Don't worry about it. I'm sure she'll be more than happy to know that it was you who took them out for a whirl!
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Glad that you enjoyed them!
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Good, very good! Hahaha, my little girl's a real good tinkerer, she is, eh?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Haha, I see, I see. That's good, then. Yoimiya did make and then leave some new fireworks here in the store before she went out. Why don't you take them and go out to play?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Heh, why isn't that girl back yet. Where has she gone to do her tinkering, I wonder...
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: How about this, then? She did make and then leave some new fireworks here in the store before she went out. Why don't you take them and go out to play?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Just take them out for a spin, and tell me how things went once you're done!
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Off you go, then. Make sure you set these off outside the city, though. If you light them up inside, you're going to attract a whole bunch of people...
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Oh it's fine, don't worry. We've got tons of stock here in the store. Just take it and go have fun. Don't worry about it!
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Oh, if it isn't my little girl's new pal? You here to hang out with her again?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Oh, uh... I'm actually not that sure. She might have mentioned it, but you know, I don't think I heard it that clearly with these ears of mine...
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Oh, you really liked it, didn't you? Don't worry. I'll pass you some next time.
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Uh, where did I leave them... Around here, maybe?
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Well, I need to get back to manning the store now. Business has really picked up recently.
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: Well, that's unfortunate! She said she was going to gather materials to make new fireworks, so she's out at the moment!
Naganohara Ryuunosuke: What? Err, what did you say?
Paimon: *sigh* Well, let's go back and tell Mr. Naganohara what happened.
Paimon: Oh, are those fireworks gone already? Aw, Paimon was just getting  started...