 And have you found it?
 Can you really find it?
 Is there really treasure here?
 It's just a cat...
 Let's just go...
 Quest DescriptionYou rescue a woman named Fujiwara Toshiko on Seirai Island. She seems to be searching for a family heirloom here...
 What are you doing here?
 What happened?
 Who are you?
(Displays Fujiwara Toshiko's Treasure Map)
???: Meow!
Fatui: Hand that picture over.
Fatui: Hmph! Why would one crummy picture be hidden by so many complex mechanisms?
Fatui: If we hadn't trailed those samurai, we wouldn't have found this basement at all.
Fatui: Is there anything else? Hand those over too!
Fatui: We're not leaving empty-handed after so much waiting. Get them!
Fujiwara Toshiko But just as I was about to activate the switch and enter the area where the treasure is stored, those monsters sneaked up and attacked me.
Fujiwara Toshiko Hahaha, of course I have, I've followed some clues to the treasure's location, and I've ascertained my method of entry.
Fujiwara Toshiko prepares your reward...
Fujiwara Toshiko: *sigh* But really, how am I supposed to solve this puzzle...
Fujiwara Toshiko: *sigh* I don't think we can split this, can we...
Fujiwara Toshiko: *whimpers* A—Alright... Let's just get back to camp. I've had enough of this...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Agh! Wh—Who is it this time! Please, I just found this one picture, that's all I found, honest!
Fujiwara Toshiko: Anything else? There's nothing else! I really only found this one picture!
Fujiwara Toshiko: Are we going to have to solve it again...
Fujiwara Toshiko: But it's fine, right? I'm sure the ancestral map I've got has some clues for us!
Fujiwara Toshiko: But... Heh, I still haven't figured it out yet.
Fujiwara Toshiko: Could I ask you to protect me for a while longer?
Fujiwara Toshiko: Did you just see that? A giant... hole just opened up over there!
Fujiwara Toshiko: Eh? Is it? Oh...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Eh? What is it this time...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Great. Finally, no more mechanism to solve...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Here, why don't you have a look as well? For all I know, you might be able to figure something out.
(Displays Fujiwara Toshiko's Treasure Map)
Fujiwara Toshiko: Hmm, maybe I should go ask Mr. Oda Tarou...
Fujiwara Toshiko: How am I supposed to solve this puzzle...
Fujiwara Toshiko: H—Help me, Traveler, please!
Fujiwara Toshiko: H—Hey, listen to me, will you!? Traveler! Help!
Fujiwara Toshiko: H—Huh? Why... did the mechanism change again?
Fujiwara Toshiko: I don't get it at all. Maybe I should bring this picture back to Inazuma City and ask around a bit...
Fujiwara Toshiko: I have a map left by my ancestors here with me, and it contains clues as to how I might figure this mechanism out...
Fujiwara Toshiko: I owe you my life for chasing those monsters away. Thank you.
Fujiwara Toshiko: I still have to find that treasure, but I don't think I'll be able to handle all these monsters alone...
Fujiwara Toshiko: I thought I said that it was just one picture!
Fujiwara Toshiko: I'll provide you with the payment once we get back there.
Fujiwara Toshiko: I'll... I'll even share some of the treasure with you!
Fujiwara Toshiko: I'm Fujiwara Toshiko, and I'm here to... Um...
Fujiwara Toshiko: I'm actually here to find treasure that my ancestors left behind here!
Fujiwara Toshiko: I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'll never go looking for treasure ever again!
Fujiwara Toshiko: I'm sure I can find that treasure! Just trust me!
Fujiwara Toshiko: I've even found the switch that'll allow us to enter the place where the treasure is hidden. It's just over there.
Fujiwara Toshiko: I... I really... Traveler, please, help me!
Fujiwara Toshiko: Is this the treasure? That's so odd.
Fujiwara Toshiko: It activated! There's the treasure, too!
Fujiwara Toshiko: It's just your ordinary, normal, run-of-the-mill picture! If you want it, just take it, alright?
Fujiwara Toshiko: Just when did we catch the eye of those Treasure Hoarders...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Just, you know... more complicated....
Fujiwara Toshiko: Let's go. We need to get back to my campsite...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Looks like there's... some sort of basement here! Let's go in and have a look, come on!
Fujiwara Toshiko: Never mind. Since you did save me, I might as well tell you.
Fujiwara Toshiko: Ohh, what now!?
Fujiwara Toshiko: Only one picture? How strange...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Other than this picture, there's nothing in this chest.
Fujiwara Toshiko: Phew, we're back at last. Hold on for a moment while I get your payment ready.
Fujiwara Toshiko: Right, then. Let's go.
Fujiwara Toshiko: Thank you, Traveler, let's head back to camp.
Fujiwara Toshiko: That said, the mechanism doesn't seem to be something we can open directly. It requires some special method to activate...
Fujiwara Toshiko: That should do it. This isn't much, but please accept it.
Fujiwara Toshiko: The camp's not far now, we'll reach it in just a moment.
Fujiwara Toshiko: These people aren't listening to me at all! I said it already, we only found one picture!
Fujiwara Toshiko: This mechanism seems to be of the same kind as the one that we unlocked on the way in.
Fujiwara Toshiko: This treasure hunt sure turned out to be a mess — and all that for a single picture.
Fujiwara Toshiko: Th—Thank you... Phew, to think that these guys would try to catch me unaware like that...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Um, so, could I...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Well, how about this, then? Let's head back to my camp first.
Fujiwara Toshiko: What...
Fujiwara Toshiko: What? Wait a moment! All I found was this picture!
Fujiwara Toshiko: Why would my ancestors set up so many mechanisms just to protect one picture?
Fujiwara Toshiko: Why's there only this inside...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Wh—What is going on...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Wh—What was that noise...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Wh—Why doesn't anyone believe that this picture is all I found? I mean...
Fujiwara Toshiko: Yes! We've got it!
Fujiwara Toshiko: You've got to at least let your victim tell you what they've got while you're robbing them, right?
Fujiwara Toshiko: Y—You...
Masterless Samurai: Could we bother you to leave the treasure you found with us?
Masterless Samurai: Did you not just fight those Treasure Hoarders off to protect the treasure you found?
Masterless Samurai: It seems we are at an impasse, then. But we shall not be denied, not after following those Treasure Hoarders for all this time. Attack!
Masterless Samurai: It stands to reason, then, that it must be something very valuable.
Masterless Samurai: Please halt.
Paimon: Someone's been surrounded by monsters over there! C'mon, Traveler, we gotta go help them!
Paimon: The Fatui!? Wh—What are they doing here!?
Paimon: T—Treasure...!
Treasure Hoarder: A picture? Well, we'll take that too! Come on lads, get 'er!
Treasure Hoarder: Hehe. Come on now, cut it with the nonsense. Give it up, or else! We're not leaving empty-handed...
Treasure Hoarder: Struck it rich, did you?