 Ding ding, correct answer...
 How could you tell?
 I can go there for you.
 Is this your home?
 Leave it to me.
 Of course.
 Quest DescriptionYou uncovered a strange picture on Seirai Island...
 She's also from Seirai Island?
 So why did you all move away?
 So why do you want to go back?
 Step DescriptionYou uncovered a strange picture on Seirai Island. After asking around in Inazuma City, you attract the attention of Mr. Oda Tarou, and he asks you to go to Seirai Island to take a few pictures...
 That it is.
 Uh, I'm just a passing traveler.
 What did you see?
 Would you know anything about this map...
Furuya Noboru: His name's Oda Tarou. I've heard that his ancestors used to live on Seirai Island before migrating here for various reasons.
Furuya Noboru: Hmm, this is quite the headache...
Furuya Noboru: However, I do know someone who might have more to do with Seirai Island than me.
Furuya Noboru: I'm afraid that this limits the extent to which I can continue helping you to analyze this map.
Furuya Noboru: Judging by the topography, I'd say that this is some place on Seirai Island...
Furuya Noboru: Speaking of which, he did come to the Guild some time back to hire some adventurers who would accompany him to Seirai Island to see the place...
Furuya Noboru: The Guild has commissioned several expeditions to Seirai Island in the past.
Furuya Noboru: The adventurers who accepted those commissions would bring us intel on the island in the form of reports.
Furuya Noboru: Unfortunately, manpower issues have prevented us from launching large-scale expeditions, so we're stuck sending a few adventurers at a time to explore the area.
Furuya Noboru: You can ask him about this map. With any luck, he might know something about it.
Oda Tarou: *sigh* Ah, I do wish that I could go to Seirai Island in person sometime...
Oda Tarou: *sigh* When will I find someone who'll accompany me back there...
Oda Tarou: Actually, there's a lot of us here in Inazuma City whose ancestors were once natives of the island, you know?
Oda Tarou: Additionally, I had some trouble finding adventurers willing to escort me to Seirai Island...
Oda Tarou: Ahaha! I can't tell where these places are at all...
Oda Tarou: All we have left in the house to remind us of it are three landscape paintings of the island.
Oda Tarou: Although my ancestors once lived on Seirai Island, that was a very long time ago now.
Oda Tarou: Are you... an adventurer with the Guild? Can they finally spare the people?
Oda Tarou: As for payment, you need not worry. I will have it ready for you for sure.
Oda Tarou: But I've got all this business to take care of...
Oda Tarou: But no one's picked up that commission thus far...
Oda Tarou: But where will I find the time...
Oda Tarou: By the time we came to my generation, we no longer had any impression of our old home.
Oda Tarou: Haha, is it really? I just guessed.
Oda Tarou: Hmm, fine, then... What's this map you spoke of?
Oda Tarou: Hopefully, some adventurers can help me go to Seirai Island, find the three places shown in those paintings, take a few pictures with a Kamera, and bring those pictures back to me.
Oda Tarou: I don't really remember anymore... It was a very long time ago.
Oda Tarou: I feel like... I have to go see it no matter what.
Oda Tarou: I think it might have been the crazy storms, or to prevent smuggling and illegal border crossings...
Oda Tarou: I wonder if Miss Fujiwara Toshiko will be able to recognize them.
Oda Tarou: Isn't this Seirai Island!?
Oda Tarou: It does seem that those three locations have changed a lot since our family left...
Oda Tarou: More accurately, she's in the same boat as me — our ancestors both lived there.
Oda Tarou: Now, let me see...
Oda Tarou: Seirai Island... How I wish I could see you for myself.
Oda Tarou: So I went with Option B: putting up a commission at the Adventurers' Guild.
Oda Tarou: Th—This! Could it be...
Oda Tarou: Um... Well...
Oda Tarou: Unfortunately, I'm pretty busy running my business at the moment, so I haven't the time to go.
Oda Tarou: Well then, Traveler, I'll be counting on you. Including the map you brought, that would make four locations to take pictures of...
Oda Tarou: Well then, Traveler, please head to these four locations and snap a picture of each of them for me.
Oda Tarou: Well, actually... I doubt it.
Oda Tarou: Well, that's neither here nor there. This is for you. Take it as thanks for running this errand for me.
Oda Tarou: Well... It is still my "hometown," is it not?
Oda Tarou: Whatever the case, the Shogunate arranged for the inhabitants of the island to come to Narukami Island
Oda Tarou: Wonderful. Please, let me see them...
Oda Tarou: W—Would you really? That would be amazing!
Oda Tarou: You're back. How's it going? Did you manage to get those pictures?
Paimon: C—Could it be a treasure map?
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon thinks an adventurer might be the best choice. They'll have the most experience in looking for treasure, after all!
Paimon: Huh? This is a picture. And it's got some weird markings on it, too...
Paimon: Let's bring this back to the city and ask around. Maybe someone can tell us more about it!