
Paimon: No reaction... seems the order was wrong. (Traveler), keep trying!

Paimon: That's right, fried tofu! It was delicious fried tofu!
Paimon: That should do the trick!
 "And of the Hakushin bloodline."
 "Bring forth the fried tofu!"
 "Generally speaking"?
 "In the name of Narukami's envoy."
 "You believe"?
 ...
 ...Poison the food?
Hanachirusato: How could you suggest that I would do such a thing?
 ...Use magic?
 About the Memento Lens...
Hanachirusato: I'm afraid I don't know much more about this than you. Apart from the Hiiragi Clan's squandering of their divine gift, that is...
Hanachirusato: There are many sleeping Earth Kitsune in Narukami Island. What you may see before you, though, is most likely to be a small, special fox statue.
Hanachirusato: In the past, though they were weak in strength, they valued loyalty. If you look at them through the Memento Lens, you should be able to see some scenes from the past.
 About the other barriers...
Hanachirusato: Apart from Chinju Forest, there is a barrier in a place called Araumi.
Hanachirusato: Finally, there is a pit on a beach northeast of the Kamisato residence's courtyard. That is where you will find the final barrier.
 Are you two teaming up to tease me?
 But?
 Do elaborate.
 Don't say that...
 Don't worry, I'll be sure to look after it well...
 Goodbye.
Hanachirusato: "Our hearts drift with the clouds...."
Hanachirusato: If there is anything I can help you with, please do not hesitate to let me know.
 Hooray for the best shrine maiden in the land!
 How will we meet up?
 I couldn't find the ward...
Hanachirusato: In the past, the ward was guarded by the Sky Kitsune. But after everything changed, the Sky and Earth Kitsune eventually refused to show up, instead sleeping and waiting for her return.
Hanachirusato: If you want to find the ward, look for the Sky Kitsune around the seal... that should be a special fox statue. If you're having difficulties, try to find the Earth Kitsune nearby, or use that Lens to see if there are any clues.
 I don't get it.
 I have another question.
 I sure hope that isn't the case...
 I'll keep it safe, trust me.
 I'm still quite concerned...
 Is it really?
 Is it something you can just make up?
 Is there anything else?
 It seems just a little bit off...
 I—I understand...
 Leave it to us!
 Lost?
 Miss Inagi also mentioned this before...
Hanachirusato: Inagi? Is Miss Inagi a shrine maiden named Misato, by any chance?
Paimon: Her name is Hotomi, Paimon thinks.
Hanachirusato: Ah, that's right. It has been such a long time...
Paimon: But she also said that the method has been lost.
Hanachirusato: Ah. Hmm... Well, it has been so long, after all...
Hanachirusato: It is understandable. I mean, so much time has passed. Don't worry, I'm not angry. Yes, it's just my memory throwing a tantrum.
Paimon: Miss Masked Maiden does seem to be very angry, actually...
 Paimon's real hungry, eh?
 Quest DescriptionAccording to Hanachirusato, these barriers must be broken to cleanse the Thunder Sakura's roots. The next barrier seems to be located in the abandoned shrine to the northeast of Konda Village. Although the place sounds quite unsetting indeed, this is Hanachirusato's request, so it is best that you see it done.
 Relax, Paimon...
 She isn't done talking yet...
 She must have her reasons...
 She said so in the beginning, you know...
 Shouldn't I be the exhausted one...
 So why...
 So, those monsters that looked like samurai were...
 So, we found this book called the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary...
Paimon: Which Paimon didn't understand at all!
Hanachirusato: People can't read it nowadays? But it was written in the common tongue...
Paimon: "People nowadays"? Hey, just how old are you?
Hanachirusato: Wha— H—Hey, that's very rude of you!
 Step DescriptionAlthough you have obtained the ancient and esoteric text, you seem to need the aid of certain sacred words to unseal the Sky Kitsune Statue and obtain the Ward. This is likely to be the realm of the clergy — perhaps you might find some help at the Grand Narukami Shrine.
 Step DescriptionInagi of the Grand Narukami Shrine told you about the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual, and you also obtained a rather powerful Memento Lens, which can be used to view Earth Kitsune Statues and thus see images of the past. Use this small gadget to find the correct sacred words and obtain the Ward from the Sky Kitsune Statue.
 Step DescriptionYou have the ward. the next thing to do now is to dispel the barrier associated with it.
 Such an important item...
 Thank you.
 This again, eh...
 Wait a moment.
 We're a pretty good combination...
Paimon: Hehehe, right? The village chief told us everything.
 What about the Cleansing Ritual, then?
 What about the other roots?
 What happened then?
 What is it, Paimon?
 Where should we go next?
 Wh—What happened?
 You mentioned that there are five places...
 You're right.
 You're the only one who's been calling her "Miss Masked Maiden"...
 You're too easily led, Paimon...
Hanachirusato: "If the crimson sakura knows the pain of parting, it will forever stay."
Hanachirusato: "Our hearts drift with the clouds...."
Hanachirusato: ...
Hanachirusato: ...*sigh*
Hanachirusato: ...Anyway, the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual is a rite of purification.
Hanachirusato: ...Th—That mirror, Hiroshi... He...
Hanachirusato: Again, the two of you have my thanks.
Hanachirusato: Ah yes. One other thing. When you spoke of the "Memento Lens" earlier, what were you referring to...
Hanachirusato: Ah, that's right. It has been such a long time...
Hanachirusato: Ah. Hmm... Well, it has been so long, after all...
Hanachirusato: Ah. We meet again.
Hanachirusato: Although it is a pity that we are unable to meet where the sun shines for now, the light from the Thunder Sakura, which symbolizes the divine, and the light from your aura are enough to illuminate this space. If there is anything I can help you with, please let me know.
Hanachirusato: Apart from Chinju Forest, there is a barrier in a place called Araumi.
Hanachirusato: Apart from Chinju Forest, there is a tree root at a place called Araumi.
Hanachirusato: As I recall... I mean, the records say that the Thunder Sakura almost withered several hundred years ago.
Hanachirusato: Back then... Uh, I mean, according to past records, they would turn into kasha, inugami, black jades, umibouzu, raging flames, and other such things. And not all of them would harm people, either. For example, there were the tofu boys...
Hanachirusato: But now, they have all turned into ferocious ochimusha... What has happened to Inazuma?
Hanachirusato: Either way, the present situation tells me that the problem was resolved in the end. Someone performed the Cleansing Ritual.
Hanachirusato: Finally, there is a pit on a beach northeast of the Kamisato residence's courtyard. That is where you will find the final barrier.
Hanachirusato: Having done and seen so much, the two of you must be tired and hungry. I have prepared some dishes. I hope you will like them...
Hanachirusato: He can't move freely, and he can't communicate with people, either. But after eating this, you should be able to communicate with him.
Hanachirusato: How could you suggest that I would do such a thing?
Hanachirusato: I apologize. There are some things that become... a habit, perhaps.
Hanachirusato: I leave the Cleansing Ritual to you...
Hanachirusato: I lost my composure. Please forgive me. In that case, please keep this "Memento Lens" safe. It is a very precious instrument indeed.
Hanachirusato: I wonder if there are still people living there. I haven't been there for a long time.
Hanachirusato: I'm afraid I don't know much more about this than you. Apart from the Hiiragi Clan's squandering of their divine gift, that is...
Hanachirusato: I'm sorry. I never meant to hide anything from you. I've just never had a chance to explain.
Hanachirusato: I...
Hanachirusato: If it can be of aid in your adventures, please make good use of the Memento Lens.
Hanachirusato: If there is anything I can help you with, please do not hesitate to let me know.
Hanachirusato: If too much filth accumulates, the Thunder Sakura may wither.
Hanachirusato: If you want to find the ward, look for the Sky Kitsune around the seal... that should be a special fox statue. If you're having difficulties, try to find the Earth Kitsune nearby, or use that Lens to see if there are any clues.
Hanachirusato: In the past, the ward was guarded by the Sky Kitsune. But after everything changed, the Sky and Earth Kitsune eventually refused to show up, instead sleeping and waiting for her return.
Hanachirusato: In the past, though they were weak in strength, they valued loyalty. If you look at them through the Memento Lens, you should be able to see some scenes from the past.
Hanachirusato: Inagi? Is Miss Inagi a shrine maiden named Misato, by any chance?
Hanachirusato: Indeed I am.
Hanachirusato: It is alright. The barrier here has been undone successfully, and thus does the Cleansing Ritual come a step closer to completion. Thank you very much.
Hanachirusato: It is understandable. I mean, so much time has passed. Don't worry, I'm not angry. Yes, it's just my memory throwing a tantrum.
Hanachirusato: It was a very long time ago. I'm afraid that I'm not entirely sure if he remembers me. Or if he might hate me.
Hanachirusato: Monsters raged unchecked then. Even the seas turned black. The Thunder Sakura tried their hardest to absorb all the evil and the filth, and they almost died in the process.
Hanachirusato: Nor is now the right time either. I'm really sorry.
Hanachirusato: Oh, people don't know about these creatures nowadays?
Hanachirusato: Our fates shall surely be entwined like those of the Sakura Bloom.
Hanachirusato: People can't read it nowadays? But it was written in the common tongue...
Hanachirusato: Please do! It is very precious!
Hanachirusato: Please do, and protect it! Don't bump it against things, and remember to clean it regularly!
Hanachirusato: Please go ahead.
Hanachirusato: Regardless, please don't worry. These dishes were made with magic I secretly learned from the bake-danuki. They are absolutely harmless. Generally speaking.
Hanachirusato: So, is that how they present themselves nowadays...
Hanachirusato: Surely, you will finish this deed for the sake of this land's well-being, right?
Hanachirusato: Thank you very much.
Hanachirusato: Thanks to your efforts, two root barriers have been undone. Next...
Hanachirusato: That old friend of mine should be able to help you at least a little. So I did this, for the sake of the Cleansing Ritual.
Hanachirusato: That's good. Now then, if you'll excuse me, I must go.
Hanachirusato: The Chinju Forest is also home to a ward and a root that requires cleansing. And I believe that an old friend of mine still dwells deep within that forest.
Hanachirusato: The Thunder Sakura of Narukami Island can absorb the filth within the earth. But over time, that filth will accumulate.
Hanachirusato: The last one... is outside the Kamisato residence. There is a pit on a beach northeast of there, and the root is within.
Hanachirusato: The reason I have served you such suspicious... Well, delicious food, is to help heal the remaining roots.
Hanachirusato: The things that came after... I'm really sorry, but I'm not too familiar with them.
Hanachirusato: The two of you have already twice demonstrated your honor, compassion, and skill.
Hanachirusato: There are many sleeping Earth Kitsune in Narukami Island. What you may see before you, though, is most likely to be a small, special fox statue.
Hanachirusato: There are small fox statues in many different places. They are called Earth Kitsune. With the Memento Lens, one can summon forth scenes from the past at those statues' locations.
Hanachirusato: Therefore, it is necessary to perform some "minor purifications" on the roots of Thunder Sakura scattered in five places around Narukami Island every once in a while, and to set a barrier up. This way, they are given the power to remove the accumulated filth.
Hanachirusato: They are the embodiment of the land's defilement. Once driven out of the roots by the ward, they will condense into a physical form.
Hanachirusato: This is an excellent understanding of the situation.
Hanachirusato: Till our next meeting, I will be praying for your success beneath the well in Konda Village, where you successfully purified the Thunder Sakura root. I wish you all the best.
Hanachirusato: Well then, please enjoy yourself...
Hanachirusato: Wha— H—Hey, that's very rude of you!
Hanachirusato: When there is enough filth accumulated in the barrier, it becomes necessary to perform the Cleansing Ritual.
Hanachirusato: You seem very sensitive to things of a mystical nature.
Inagi Hotomi: ... Instead, they are something created by the one who casts the seal themselves.
Inagi Hotomi: ...Ah, sorry, I didn't see you there. The Memento Lens is yours to keep. Take it out to see the world, would you?
Inagi Hotomi: A long time ago, when Ritou was first founded, the Hiiragi Clan leader Hiroshi imported many new inventions from other places to prove the benefits of building a trading hub.
Inagi Hotomi: Ah, it's a great shame, but a lot of historical records have been lost. Lady Yae and Sir Kamisato were fretting over this earlier as well.
Inagi Hotomi: As for the third line...
Inagi Hotomi: As such, we might as well give the Lens to someone who can show it all the changes the world has gone through rather than letting it gather dust in our shrine.
Inagi Hotomi: As the years passed, the Kamera itself ceased to function. Only the lens blessed by the Kitsune Saiguu can still see things that no longer exist in certain special places.
Inagi Hotomi: But as for the sacred words, I do know a thing or two.
Inagi Hotomi: But the actual details of the ritual have been lost. The Summary you are holding is a very valuable historical artifact in that regard.
Inagi Hotomi: Considering how long it's been, I doubt that any still live who understand how to use this third line.
Inagi Hotomi: For example, he used a Snezhnayan blast furnace to turn an old Hiiragi Clan mansion at Tenshukaku into a hot spring, before sending it as a gift and token of appreciation to Her Excellency.
Inagi Hotomi: He also used the demon-exorcising mirror gifted to the Hiiragi Clan by the Kitsune Saiguu to create a special Kamera in Fontaine. It can record thoughts and memories. It was returned to us here at the Shrine as a token of appreciation and friendship.
Inagi Hotomi: Hello, Traveler from afar. Welcome to the Grand Narukami Shrine!
Inagi Hotomi: Hmm... I believe that the records go something like this.
Inagi Hotomi: I apologize, but the sacred words used to seal the ward are not some sort of specific formula.
Inagi Hotomi: I believe that it will come to good use in your hands.
Inagi Hotomi: I see. I understand the situation.
Inagi Hotomi: I suppose you may not be familiar with this as outsiders, but we believe that everything has a soul. Even stones and trees have memories! And when an item is left unused for a long time, it will grow bitter with dissatisfaction.
Inagi Hotomi: I'm just giving an example. The records use something like "Onmyou Hakkyou."
Inagi Hotomi: If you have some trouble or just want to make a wish, feel free to ask Ms. Gendou for a fortune slip. May the Electro Archon bless you.
Inagi Hotomi: If you see a small, strange-looking fox statue, looking at it through the Memento Lens may reveal something new.
Inagi Hotomi: Legend has it that after the Kitsune Saiguu disappeared, her familiars, the Earth Kitsune of Narukami Island, turned into sleeping statues in many places, waiting for her to return.
Inagi Hotomi: May the Electro Archon bless you! I shall be counting on you two, then.
Inagi Hotomi: Mm. Perhaps these two items can be of aid to you.
Inagi Hotomi: Oh no. The degradation here is due to poor preservation, humidity, and moths.
Inagi Hotomi: Since the two of you are so knowledgeable, I trust that you must have heard of the Kamera? It's a Fontaine-made device that can record images.
Inagi Hotomi: The Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual is a very important rite, and there are indeed records of it...
Inagi Hotomi: The first line represents one's own status in Inazuma. Something with the word "envoy" attached to it, I believe...
Inagi Hotomi: The second line is meant to explain the source of one's power. Something like dango, ramen, or a light novel, for example.
Inagi Hotomi: The two of you have come on account of the "sakura," and I can sense from our conversation that you are trustworthy.
Inagi Hotomi: The use of sacred words was said to have become a lost art after the Kamuna bloodline failed...
Inagi Hotomi: This is not precisely so, either. Sacred words of this sort do have some rules.
Inagi Hotomi: This is the Memento Lens.
Inagi Hotomi: We extracted the lens and named it the Memento Lens.
Inagi Hotomi: Yes, you've guessed it. It can be whatever you want it to be.
Mysterious Man: "Bring forth the fried tofu"!
Mysterious Man: ... Yeah, it's decided. We'll let her go this time.
Mysterious Man: ...Guess I'll just follow the previous example and use "And of the Hakushin bloodline." as the second line. I am no master onmyouji, after all.
Mysterious Man: ...No need to tell me. I get it.
Mysterious Man: ...Wait, no. Who are you?
Mysterious Man: After all, Miss Hanachirusato, you've never seen me in person before, right?
Mysterious Man: After all, it's not my job, and it's not as if she is some monster, charging at me like an Ochimusha might.
Mysterious Man: After all, this isn't like the shikigami paper I use. With any luck, they'll preserve it properly. Things might get dicey if these document come across moths or water.
Mysterious Man: Ah! Silly me, saying such inauspicious things...
Mysterious Man: Ah, you're gone already? Come on...
Mysterious Man: Ah, you're so cold.
Mysterious Man: Eh? Come on, that was uncalled for...
Mysterious Man: Her familiars are also here. Yes, it is a fine place.
Mysterious Man: Hey, long time no see. Guess you're still so cold to me, huh...
Mysterious Man: Hmm. Yes, it looks like the spirit veins here can still be used.
Mysterious Man: I thought she had returned for a moment there... Huh, so that's what happened.
Mysterious Man: I'm all tuckered out already. I thought I had run into a long-lost friend. That feeling is so exhausting...
Mysterious Man: If I am to have a disciple one day, I shall find a cheerful and beautiful lady. Yeah, I'll make sure of that.
Mysterious Man: Mm-hmm. Ah, wait. Perhaps what you're seeing right now is not me, but Ioroi in disguise.
Mysterious Man: Mm. Guess he needs to be taught a good lesson...
Mysterious Man: My, that lady is such a buzzkill.
Mysterious Man: Now, as for the third line... Ah, right, this looks good.
Mysterious Man: Oh, come on! It was at least half an emotional reunion for me! Actually, maybe it was more like one quarter?
Mysterious Man: Since this is her territory — the land of the Hakushin bloodline — we'll go with that.
Mysterious Man: That being said, after she left, Ioroi seems to have led his tribe to wreak havoc everywhere.
Mysterious Man: Then the first line shall be "In the name of Narukami's envoy."
Mysterious Man: This scent... Is it time for the Cleansing Ritual again?
Mysterious Man: Well then, allow me to use sacred words to protect this ward.
Mysterious Man: Well, I could have kept one eye shut, had Ioroi stayed in the Chinju Forest.
Mysterious Man: Yeah, don't worry about it. Nice to meet you, Miss Hanachirusato!
Mysterious Man: Yeah, guess we're done here. Time to write all this down and hand it over to the shrine.
Mysterious Shadow: ...
(If first or second encounter)[verification needed]
Paimon: Eh? She vanished... How?
(If third or fourth encounter)[verification needed]
Paimon: Gone again... Ohh, Paimon's getting spooked now...
(If fourth or fifth encounter)[verification needed]
Paimon: Hmm. Seems like there's some pattern to her disappearances.
Paimon: We should observe carefully... And by "we," Paimon means you!
Mysterious Woman: "Rosy-cheeked in the morning, bleached bones by dusk."
Mysterious Woman: Ah, I remember now. She once instructed people to construct a locked gate by a canal on the road leading to Chinju Forest, before giving the key to the Konda Clan.
Mysterious Woman: How quickly the shrine has fallen to neglect after losing its master and the incense within...
Mysterious Woman: I am... Call me "Hanachirusato."
Mysterious Woman: I can only hope that the barrier within the cavern still stands strong.
Mysterious Woman: I hope everything is still alright.
Mysterious Woman: I'm not sure there would be much difference either way, if my memory serves.
Mysterious Woman: I... I remember now. About the Sacred Sakura. About you. About Raiden.
Mysterious Woman: That person over there... seems so familiar...
Mysterious Woman: Then let us part ways here.
Mysterious Woman: This was... my previous...
Mysterious Woman: Wait, that wasn't me. It was her previous territory.
Mysterious Woman: You are... that person who seems very nice on the surface.
One entrance has a locked gate, with an Electroculus behind it. It requires a Rust-Worn Key, which can be found on top of a table under the well in Konda Village.
The second can be found to the west of the locked gate. It has Electro Crystalflies flying near the entrance.
Paimon: "Although I hope the seal will never be broken, and although you have now been missing for many years... If the seal must be broken and the Cleansing Ritual conducted, I hope that you shall be the one to break it."
Paimon: "Bring forth the fried tofu"!
Paimon: "Hanachirusato"? This name...
Paimon: "I wouldn't call this layer of security all that useful, but it should still serve to fend off some petty thieves."
Paimon: "People nowadays"? Hey, just how old are you?
Paimon: "The third line of the sacred words is something you often used to say in the past."
Paimon: "The ward has been sealed within by sacred words."
Paimon: "There are four great spirits, and three spokes in the Mitsudomoe. I have placed three shikigami here as guardians. Only when they are all gathered here in one place can you proceed."
Paimon: ...
Paimon: ...Eh!?
Paimon: ...It definitely looks abandoned.
Paimon: ...Uh, so, what if the cleansing rituals aren't performed and the trees do wither?
Paimon: A fox statue... Yup, it's the same as the one in Konda Village!
Paimon: A locked door? Konda village? Paimon remembers we found a key at the bottom of that well...
Paimon: Ah, um, sorry. Paimon's tired from floating around too much... Paimon didn't mean to be rude.
Paimon: Alright! It's time to unlock the seal! The first line is...
Paimon: Are the Fatui behind this? If you say it's so important, then they might be up to something here too...
Paimon: Back there in the abandoned shrine, Miss Masked Maiden, we saw someone who looked just like you through the Memento Lens...
Paimon: But Paimon doesn't see a ward in it... or has the ward been hidden?
Paimon: But she also said that the method has been lost.
Paimon: Eh? She vanished... How?
Paimon: Eh? What do you mean...
Paimon: Forget it. Let's get some professional help!
Paimon: Gone again... Ohh, Paimon's getting spooked now...
Paimon: Hehehe, right? The village chief told us everything.
Paimon: Her name is Hotomi, Paimon thinks.
Paimon: Her name was "Hanachirusato." Are you that Hanachirusato?
Paimon: Hey! How could you say that?
Paimon: Hmm, looks like there's a book in here...
Paimon: Hmm, what does that mean? There's some more writing here as well...
Paimon: Hmm. Seems like there's some pattern to her disappearances.
Paimon: Huh, was that right? Well, whatever. Paimon remembers that the second line should be...
Paimon: H—Has Paimon been cheated?
Paimon: Just let us know once you've got the chance, Miss Masked Maiden.
Paimon: Kasha? Tofu boys? What in the world are those?
Paimon: Let Paimon see... "But if the one to undo the seal is my successor, then there is one extra step you must go through."
Paimon: Let's not fuss over the details, shall we?
Paimon: Look! This branch is just like the one we saw earlier!
Paimon: Looks like there's one here too! Just as expected...
Paimon: Looks like this is the barrier. Hehe, it's not gonna stop us now!
Paimon: Memento? So it's a souvenir?
Paimon: Miss Masked Maiden does seem to be very angry, actually...
Paimon: Miss Masked Maiden's commission... and this whole nation... it's all gonna go kaput!
Paimon: Miss Masked Maiden, did you...
Paimon: Mm-hmm! Please tell us how to unseal that ward!
Paimon: Mm-hmm, Paimon gets it! So, when performing the Cleansing Ritual, we'll need to use a ward to break the barrier over the tree roots.
Paimon: No problem! Leave it to us!
Paimon: No reaction... seems the order was wrong. (Traveler), keep trying!
Paimon: Of course! We've done it twice now, after all.
Paimon: Okay, got it!
Paimon: Ooh! This person's got good taste!
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon gets it. Those are definitely great power sources!
Paimon: Ooh, this is great!
Paimon: Otherwise, we'd be no better than "petty thieves"!
Paimon: Paimon's read it all, but it also feels like Paimon didn't read anything at all.
Paimon: Right? (Traveler)?
Paimon: Since it's about gods and demons and stuff, let's go to the Grand Narukami Shrine, shall we?
Paimon: That should do the trick!
Paimon: That's right, fried tofu! It was delicious fried tofu!
Paimon: The first line reads "In the name of Narukami's envoy".... Looks like we're in luck!
Paimon: The spell... was created on the fly by the caster?
Paimon: The third line should be something about delicious food...
Paimon: Then we have to find a solution!
Paimon: This Memento Lens really is convenient!
Paimon: This must be the abandoned temple that the masked shrine maiden talked about!
Paimon: Ugh, it's some troublesome secret again, isn't it...
Paimon: Ugh, what shall we do, then?
Paimon: Wait! There's some writing here.
Paimon: We should observe carefully... And by "we," Paimon means you!
Paimon: We'll use it well!
Paimon: Well, it doesn't matter. The second line reads "And of the Hakushin bloodline".
Paimon: Well, now that Paimon thinks about it, we just ate so much, but it feels like we've eaten nothing at all.
Paimon: Well, that should do it! Phew, Paimon's exhausted!
Paimon: Well, time to search the area for clues!
Paimon: Well, we should have the right sacred words now, right? Let's give them a try!
Paimon: Well... Fine, Paimon gets it.
Paimon: What's the deal with the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual, anyway? Is it the same as the "cleansing" you asked us to do earlier?
Paimon: Which Paimon didn't understand at all!
Paimon: Whoa!
Paimon: Whoa, it's so hard to read!
Paimon: Why are you following us again? Couldn't you just say hello?
Paimon: Wow, it looks delicious! You might be wearing a mask, but you're the best shrine maiden in Inazuma for sure!
Paimon: W—Well, anyway, what was that all about?
Paimon: Yeah! Since Miss Masked Maiden says we have to, let's finish this fight!
Records: "The ward has been sealed in place using sacred words. There are four great spirits, and three spokes in the Mitsudomoe. I have placed three shikigami here as guardians. Only when they are all gathered here in one place can one proceed."
Through the Memento Lens, you see something that wasn't there...
You dig into a delicious-looking feast with Paimon...
You explain the situation with the abandoned shrine at the foot of the mountain
You recount Inagi Hotomi's explanation...
 ?