 About Hideaki...
 Dream on, kiddo.
 I didn't come for the Thunder Sakura.
Miyuki: Oh so you just happened to be passing through? In that case, I'd rather warn you — the Thunder Sakura have been damaged. I went to inspect them earlier and something about them just didn't seem right.
 Quest DescriptionThe shrine maiden Miyuki is currently having a massive headache over the abnormal state of the Thunder Sakura in Kannazuka...
 Retrieve Foreign Object
 Sounds straightforward enough.
Miyuki: I fear it may not be as straightforward as you presume. The Thunder Sakura being weakened makes the situation very dangerous indeed. After all, these trees serve to suppress the one who lies beneath...
 Step DescriptionThe abnormalities on the Thunder Sakura have been dispelled, all that remains is cleanup work...
 Step DescriptionYou decide to help the shrine maiden Miyuki save the Thunder Sakura. To this end, you have to find the five Thunder Sakura trees in Kannazuka. They are currently imperiled, and you must observe them closely to find a way to solve the issue. If you meet with any trouble, you can go consult Miyuki...
 That's a bummer.
Miyuki: It's a little more than a bummer. It's an absolute tragedy! Seeing the damaged condition that the Thunder Sakura are in fills my heart with grief.
Miyuki: Also, when I went to inspect them earlier, something about them just didn't seem right.
 The "juvenile antics" have been dealt with.
 Too little, buddy.
 Well, it's my job.
 What do you mean?
 What's a Thunder Sakura?
 What's the big deal with Thunder Sakura?
 You got it!
Miyuki: Please don't get careless. The Thunder Sakura being weakened makes the situation very dangerous indeed. After all, these trees serve to suppress the one who lies beneath...
Fatui Skirmisher: Hehe. You're going to act though in front of me, small fry?
Hideaki takes the opportunity to slip away...
Hideaki: As long as we did as they said and opened up a gap in those trees, we could use those tools to collect the Thunder Sakura's power.
Hideaki: Hmph. So it's a meddling maiden from the shrine getting in the way of our money-making.
Hideaki: Huh! Don't you go thinking you've got the best of me just because you successfully interfered in my business. I still have an ace up my sleeve!
Hideaki: I'll leave this thing to finish you off. Meanwhile I'm outta here!
Hideaki: If you'll just let me go, I'll give you a share! Ten percent to you, and ninety to us. How's that sound?
Hideaki: I—I'll talk! B—But it's not as if anyone cared about these trees anyway! Can't a man and his brothers make some money off their power?
Hideaki: Listen, you cocky little imp! My brothers are coming here to rescue me any time now.
Hideaki: Master, that Traveler over there's the one who's been getting in your way. Our deal's gonna be in jeopardy if you don't help us out here!
Hideaki: Pah! Big talk, but you're forgetting who you're messing with!
Hideaki: P—Please don't kill me! I had nothing to do with the Thunder Sakura, I swear!
Hideaki: S—Stop chasing me, please... We've run this loop three times. I can barely walk...
Hideaki: Then all we'd need to do was to direct that power into this crystal, and hey presto, we'd have something worth three Tenryou Commission mansions!
Hideaki: They gave us a huge sum of money, too! Not a sum you small-timers could ever spend in your life!
Hideaki: Ugh! Just my luck, bumping into this kind of opposition.
Hideaki: We had a big-shot buyer who was interested in these trees, and they even provided us with the means and tools to extract their power.
Hideaki: What? You know what, I'm done letting you get off easy. Once our buyer gets here, you'll be the one begging for mercy from Lord Hideaki over here!
Hideaki: Yamada, did you hear that? This little pipsqueak said that you can't hurt her! You gonna take that lying down?
Hideaki: Y—You... What's that got to do with you, huh?
Miyuki: ...Looking at your reaction, I guess you're unfamiliar with the Thunder Sakura's locations. Well, you are a Traveler from abroad. I should have guessed as much.
Miyuki: Actually, do you know where the Thunder Sakura are?
Miyuki: Ah, I've said too much... P—Please forget you heard me say that. In short, please exercise extreme caution.
Miyuki: Also, when I went to inspect them earlier, something about them just didn't seem right.
Miyuki: Anyway, here and now, the most pressing matter is to put a stop to the Treasure Hoarder's juvenile antics. Traveler, can I entrust this to you?
Miyuki: As for the other two, one is on the mountain northwest of Tatarasuna, the other is on another mountain to the southwest.
Miyuki: Beyond the shrine, in Kannazuka, you will find Thunder Sakura. They share a common origin with the Sacred Sakura and possess a similar power, too.
Miyuki: Damage to the Thunder Sakura brings dishonor to the shrine. We urgently need to get to the bottom of this.
Miyuki: Don't get too close to the Thunder Sakura — it could be dangerous. Please, be careful.
Miyuki: Ever since the Vision Hunt Decree was promulgated, conflict often breaks out here between the Shogun's Army and the rebels. I don't think either side cares whether the Thunder Sakura become collateral damage in their war.
Miyuki: Have you made any discoveries?
Miyuki: Hmm? Ah, Traveler. What are you doing at a place like this at a moment like this? ...You really are an unlucky one, aren't you.
Miyuki: How dare these crooks brazenly seek to steal the power of the Thunder Sakura for their own gain. Their actions are unforgivable.
Miyuki: How is the situation with the Thunder Sakura?
Miyuki: However, I... Well to put it bluntly, I'd be hopeless in a fight, and these Treasure Hoarders look particularly fierce...
Miyuki: I also need some time to work though my findings. One major outstanding question is: Who is directing the Treasure Hoarders behind the scenes?
Miyuki: I fear it may not be as straightforward as you presume. The Thunder Sakura being weakened makes the situation very dangerous indeed. After all, these trees serve to suppress the one who lies beneath...
Miyuki: I initially thought that I'd be more than capable of handling the investigation on my own, but now... it's less straightforward than I'd imagined, so all I can do is ask for your help.
Miyuki: I suspect there must be other reasons why the Thunder Sakura are withering... I have my suspicions, but I can't say for sure...
Miyuki: I'm not about to let you get away after desecrating the Thunder Sakura! Traveler, you take this fight, I'm going after him.
Miyuki: If you came here to enjoy the view of the Sakura, now is categorically not the time, so please don't get your hopes up.
Miyuki: It alarmed Lady Miko enough that she sent me to Kannazuka to investigate.
Miyuki: It is hard to say what the Fatui have planned, but since we've captured this little lackey of theirs, I will be sure to get some answers from him.
Miyuki: It's a little more than a bummer. It's an absolute tragedy! Seeing the damaged condition that the Thunder Sakura are in fills my heart with grief.
Miyuki: Knowing the directions should make things easier for you. I'll leave the matter of the Thunder Sakura to you. Please be careful.
Miyuki: Leave the cleanup to me. The Shogun's Army's positions are well known to me. This man will not escape.
Miyuki: Money-making? You scoundrels. How dare you have designs on the Thunder Sakura. Lady Miko will not let you off easy.
Miyuki: Oh so you just happened to be passing through? In that case, I'd rather warn you — the Thunder Sakura have been damaged. I went to inspect them earlier and something about them just didn't seem right.
Miyuki: Phew... From the relaxed look on your face, Traveler, I assume you've dealt with that little problem. Thank you very much.
Miyuki: Please don't get careless. The Thunder Sakura being weakened makes the situation very dangerous indeed. After all, these trees serve to suppress the one who lies beneath...
Miyuki: Recently, however, the Thunder Sakura have been damaged, and they are not producing blossoms. It cannot be a good sign.
Miyuki: So far, I have discovered a group of Treasure Hoarders who keep showing up near the Thunder Sakura. They seem very suspicious to me, and I must find out what their connection is to all of this.
Miyuki: So that's what's going on... But Treasure Hoarders are just petty thieves. Could their juvenile antics really cause this much havoc?
Miyuki: Thank you, Traveler.
Miyuki: The Thunder Sakura's power cannot be allowed to fall into the hands of these types, much less be handed over to the Fatui in the shadows.
Miyuki: The five Thunder Sakura trees are not difficult to find. You just have to follow the western shoreline from the northernmost point of the Kujou Encampment islet to northernmost point of Tatarasuna — you'll encounter three of them that way.
Miyuki: There's no time to delay. Let's go.
Miyuki: This case is becoming more and more complicated...
Miyuki: This is Kannazuka, where neither the Inazuman faith nor Sangonomiya's has any influence.
Miyuki: To quote Lady Miko, "Honors and accolades are all these military types care about." They will not listen to reason.
Miyuki: Traveler, I'd ask you to investigate their camp and find out what they're up to.
Miyuki: We used to have a lot of visitors coming here for the Sakura, but no one wants to come here these days. Not with all the fighting going on.
Miyuki: We were well prepared for this, but we hadn't expected the Thunder Sakura to be in quite as terrible a condition as they now are...
Miyuki: Wonderful, that will at least stabilize the condition of the Thunder Sakura. I'm sure Lady Miko will also be relieved.
Miyuki: You also mentioned that the Treasure Hoarders have some sort of crystal cube at their camp with which they're trying to collect the Thunder Sakura's power? That is incredibly dangerous... It must be dealt with as soon as possible.
Miyuki: You don't know the first thing about them, do you? Small wonder, I suppose, since you're not from the shrine.
Miyuki: You lowlifes, consorting with outlanders for profit! There would be no mercy for you, even if we ran another ten rounds.
Miyuki: You shameless villains. Conspiring with the Fatui... the Great Narukami will strike you all down sooner or later.
Miyuki: You've already helped me out enormously, so I couldn't possibly ask you to deal with this all by yourself once again. I will join you this time.
Miyuki: You've probably seen the Sacred Sakura at the Grand Narukami Shrine? That's a symbol of the Great Narukami's power. The Great Narukami is eternal, just as the Sacred Sakura will always in full bloom.
Paimon: Aaaand how did you know that we were here about the Thunder Sakura stuff? Guilty conscience, much?
Paimon: But we can't see the source of the lightning at all... Well, if our normal eyes won't help, how about Elemental Sight?
Paimon: But we've got enough info for now. Let's go tell that shrine maiden. That bit's more important.
Paimon: Darn, Hideaki gave us the slip...!
Paimon: Eh? There's no one there...
Paimon: Hah, we found the Treasure Hoarder camp! Wait a moment. That thing in there sure looks like the Electro Hypotases we've seen before.
Paimon: Here's a Treasure Hoarder camp, and they don't look like they're up to no good for once? So suspicious. Let's go ask one of them. Nicely, of course.
Paimon: If you don't talk, hehe, well, you'll taste the super formidable bite of this Traveler's sword!
Paimon: It doesn't matter who you call or how many. You won't touch a hair on Paimon's head before the Traveler sends you all running.
Paimon: Miyuki, wait up! ...Ugh, let's go catch up with her.
Paimon: Ooh, look, the Thunder Sakura is blooming! It's just a few flowers now, but that's gotta be a good sign.
Paimon: Paimon bets you got this Electro Hypostasis-like thingy from some dirty business, didn't you?
Paimon: That must be what the Treasure Hoarders are using to siphon the Thunder Sakura's energy. If we remove the foreign object from inside, it should heal on its own.
Paimon: That's right! We've been asked to right wrongs and see justice done! Out with it, then! We'll have you tell us everything the Treasure Hoarders intend to do with the Thunder Sakura, and where you got this thing from.
Paimon: The Thunder Sakura should heal itself now.
Paimon: The scar on that tree looks awful. And there's something strange leaking out it, too...
Paimon: Ugh... Guess we'll do this the normal way. Let's beat them all up, and ask the last guy some questions!
Paimon: Use your Elemental Sight to have a look. You might be able to find the source of the lightning!
Paimon: We're in danger of being struck by lightning just by being around here! This is no way to get close to the Thunder Sakura - we've gotta find a way to turn that lightning off.
Paimon: Yamada? Who's that? Traveler, quick!
Paimon: You sure know how to talk big, eh?
Slumbering Monster: This creature seems to be related to the Electro Hypostasis you encountered before in Mondstadt, but it does not react at all as you approach. Perhaps it is in a deep slumber.
Slumbering Monster: You know not what caused it to appear here, nor do you know when it will awaken... It may be safest to keep your distance for now.