 A bird of... prodigious size?
 Actually, those things are exactly what I want.
 Again, you're really good with those claws...
 An honor to make your acquaintance.
 And what are you going to do?
 Are there only storms over there?
Eiko: Yes. Strange, isn't it? It's almost like... something's drawn a boundary for the storms.
 Clear as mud.
 Didn't we meet a talking snake?
Paimon: Oh! You mean that snake named Changsheng?
Paimon: Was that really not a "herb"?
 Do other cats talk too?
 Do you have a camp?
 Does that camp have nails, wooden planks, and rope in it?
 Hey, hey, calm down...
 Huh, so that's how you make marks — with your claws...
 I'll get the box fixed, don't worry.
Neko: This matter is in your hands, meow meow...
 I've figured it out.
 Indeed. Let's go.
 Is there no way to solve this issue?
Eiko: Not for now... Actually, I haven't even figured out the cause of these storms yet.
 It's not quite that simple...
 I—I see...
 Looks like we've got to seal all four of them.
 Quest Description You learn from Inazuma's Katheryne that the Inazuma Adventurers' Guild has been gathering adventurers to explore Seirai Island recently..
 Seirai Island?
 Should?
Neko: Meow, meow, meow?
Paimon: Seriously, You're playing dumb about something like this!?
 Simple goals, I see...
 So those cat footprints were your doing...
 So you were the one that asked those cats to...
 So, what's your reason for being an adventurer, then?
 Step DescriptionAfter arriving on Seirai Island, you meet two adventurers who are currently investigating something known as a Warding Stone. But following the footprints of a cat, you arrive at a dilapidated shrine, in which sits a cat named "Neko," who proclaims itself to be the "provisional head priestess of the Asase Shrine." After you help "Neko" repairs the shrine's Offering Box, it reveals the method of activating the Warding Stones to you. Additionally, you learn that should you be able to seal all four Warding Stones throughout Seirai Island, you can calm the thunderstorm that enshrouds it.
 Step DescriptionAfter arriving on Seirai Island, you meet two adventurers who are currently investigating something known as a Warding Stone. But following the footprints of a cat, you arrive at a dilapidated shrine, in which sits a cat named "Neko," who proclaims itself to be the "provisional head priestess of the Asase Shrine." It says that so long as you are willing to help it out, it will tell you the method to seal the Warding Stones.
 Step DescriptionUpon arriving at Seirai Island, you meet two adventurers who are investigating things as Warding Stones...
 Such a detailed carving...
 S—Sure
 Tell me the truth.
 That is the case.
 That's professional ethics for you...
 There's no commission I can't complete!
 Those are some flexible claws you've got.
 Three... Two....
 Want our help, do you?
 We met a talking dragon, yes.
Paimon: Eh? Dragons count as "animals"? Paimon feels like they belong in a higher class than that...
Paimon: But well, Dvalin does talk...
 Well then, where can we find these materials?
 Well, I'd pass for a dab hand at repairs.
 Well, that was quick.
 What were you doing over here?
 Where did the person in charge of maintenance live?
 Where did you find them?
 Why hello there.
 Why'd you stop speaking...
Neko: Speaking your language is... tiring... Meow...
 You could say so.
 You could say that.
???: Haah... At last, human guests.
???: Ho. Does the sight of me frighten you so?
???: Most rude of you. Are you not a talking animal also?
???: Such wanton yammering! I am no "talking cat".
???: This is the Asase Shrine, and I am Neko, the provisional head priestess.
Eiko: *sigh* It really stinks, not being able to find any leads...
Eiko: *sigh* We lack the clues we need to solve this mystery. How very frustrating... But since it's work, I suppose we've just got to give it a go.
Eiko: Ah! Hello there. You're... an adventurer? Hmm. Am I right to say that you're here to investigate this island?
Eiko: Alright, that's that. Let's go!
Eiko: And I'm also quite concerned about one other thing.
Eiko: And according to the legends, these stone structures really are ritual implements that can be used to seal certain things.
Eiko: And that cat told you how to seal the Warding Stones?
Eiko: But don't wander too close to the center of this island as you please. The storms there are not to be trifled with.
Eiko: But whether they like it or not, I've got the highest commission completion efficiency in the Guild.
Eiko: But who would... and why would anyone do something like that?
Eiko: Heh, but it seems like I won't be able to clear this one solo.
Eiko: Hey, Taisuke!
Eiko: Huh. A talking cat, you say... Guarding an abandoned shrine?
Eiko: I didn't believe a word of it at first, but then we discovered some very strange stone structures in the area.
Eiko: I remember you mentioning that they belonged to a cat... That doesn't sound like it would have anything to do with this Warding Stone.
Eiko: I see... In that case, you can explore the periphery of this island a bit.
Eiko: I'll need this book... and this one... and this one...
Eiko: I'm already giving it my 100%... It's just too much to ask for me to give my 120%.
Eiko: If we screw up while trying to prove ourselves, we'd lose more than we'd gain.
Eiko: Just... hold on a moment while I bundle this stuff up...
(Eiko finishes grabbing the books)
Eiko: No progress, huh... We've been here for quite a while now. If we don't make some headway soon, we should probably ask the Guild for additional help.
Eiko: No, I'm being rigorous. Let's start already.
Eiko: Not far. Taisuke's been there the whole time investigating. I just came back to help him grab some books. If you want to go have a look, I can just take you there.
Eiko: Not for now... Actually, I haven't even figured out the cause of these storms yet.
Eiko: Oh? You're back. We were just stating to wonder where you'd gone.
Eiko: Okay, enough already. How are your Warding Stone studies going?
Eiko: Once we've worked out how it functions, we can go follow these tracks.
Eiko: Our goal is to finish our work, not prove ourselves.
Eiko: Perhaps it might be better to report back to the Guild and request that they send some extra people to investigate.
Eiko: Sealing this Warding Stone isn't going to be that simple...
Eiko: Since what we're doing is "sealing" this Warding Stone to calm the storm...
Eiko: Some Guild members say that I've got no spirit... Others say that I just work for the sake of working.
Eiko: Taisuke read in a text he found that these structures are known as "Warding Stones."
Eiko: Taisuke, I believe I've said this before. We're professionals. Taking commissions is work.
Eiko: Taisuke, I brought the resources that you asked for.
Eiko: Taisuke, please. We need to seal the Warding Stone first. Guild commission, remember?
Eiko: Thanks, but I wouldn't claim to speak for anyone else.
Eiko: That fellow Taisuke keeps insisting that the storm must have been the work of the Archon, meant to block ordinary people from violating a sacred site.
Eiko: That means that someone must've unsealed the stones in general at some point in the past.
Eiko: That seems to be the case.
Eiko: That's... just incredible... Maybe the Guild's rated this commission's difficulty a little too low.
Eiko: The quicker we solve the mystery behind that Warding Stone, the sooner we can report back to the Guild.
Eiko: This is really troublesome. Definitely doesn't sound like something I want to get mixed up in...
Eiko: Uh huh. And what is this "correct rotation"
Eiko: Unfortunately, the stone structures we found were all busted up, and not one looks like it's been repaired in who knows how many years...
Eiko: Well then. Guess who's got all the resources you asked for? And guess who's brought a little help from the Guild to boot?
Eiko: Well, maybe it's because my goals are so simple that the Guild tents to send me out to complete commissions more often than most.
Eiko: Well, that Neko's already marked all four Warding Stone locations on the wooden plank, right?
Eiko: Well, that's this Warding Stone squared away, right?
Eiko: Well, whatever. Tell us about those strange tracks.
Eiko: Whoever that is, they're responsible for this storm on Seirai Island.
Eiko: Work. Mora. That's it, really.
Eiko: Yeah, yeah! Look, I called for you several times already, and you didn't respond at all!
Eiko: Yes, yes, they are quite strange. But I'd say that we should focus on the Warding Stone.
Eiko: Yes, yes, very nice. We're all adventurers here, no need for the whole song-and-dance.
Eiko: Yes. Strange, isn't it? It's almost like... something's drawn a boundary for the storms.
Eiko: You can do that once the storm's gone. Come on!
Eiko: You... Ugh, never mind...
Eiko: Yup, let's do this.
Katheryne: After all, we have yet to determine the cause of those storms.
Katheryne: Hello there, Adventurer. Have your recent adventures been going smoothly?
Katheryne: I would expect no less of you. Keep that up, and I'm sure you'll be a most excellent adventurer.
Katheryne: I'm afraid that they haven't come up with any leads thus far...
Katheryne: If you're interested, go to Seirai Island and have a look. It has also been said that the island is full of buried treasure.
Katheryne: Speaking of which, the Guild is currently looking for adventurers to explore Seirai Island. Would you be interested?
Katheryne: That said, please be careful while you explore Seirai Island.
Katheryne: While we have sent two adventurers, Miss Eiko and Mr. Taisuke, to remain on Seirai Island and investigate a way to calm the storm...
Katheryne: Yes. It is an island to the south of Narukami Island, with some parts of the island being subject to constant wild storms that have impeded the Guild's exploration work thus far.
Neko carves a drawing on the wooden plank...
Neko starts to mark the map...
Neko: ...Those purple, tingling, hair-raising, ill-meaning things.
Neko: Ah there it is again, your superb comprehension. Mine eyes did not judge you poorly, human.
Neko: As such, you shall help me to repair the box, and I will teach you the way to seal those stones.
Neko: As we agreed, then. I shall instruct you in the sealing of those rocks.
Neko: But of course.
Neko: But you are no fools, certainly, considering that you knew to follow mine instruction.
Neko: For instance, the shrine suffers from a dearth of incense. Were Hibiki to see it in such a sorry state, she would surely be grieved.
Neko: Go now, and quickly. The shrine's maintenance yet requires my attention.
Neko: Hah, naturally. Many a time have I seen Hibiki seal them... and unseal them, too.
Neko: Hah, now that the Offering Box has been repaired, the shrine shall soon return to its former thriving glory...
Neko: Hibiki said that the bird's strength was a truly frightening thing, capable of singeing the fur off all the cats on this island.
Neko: Hibiki said that the key is to use the ropes on the rock, and the piece of paper...
Neko: Hibiki unsealed those rocks a good, long time ago. It has much to do with those...
Neko: Hibiki would be most gratified to see this shrine become lively again. Hmm, well, and that Domeki fellow, too... Meow...
Neko: Hmm. Well done, well done indeed. I acknowledge your efforts.
Neko: Hmm... Meow... The exact details escape me, and it is a mighty shame that Hibiki is not here, or you could ask her directly.
Neko: I am a cat. Where would I obtain knowledge of such things?
Neko: I can instruct you in the manner of operating those rocks. But in exchange...
Neko: I did indeed call upon some felines to frolic there. Consider it a test of your intellect.
Neko: I have maintained this shrine exceedingly well. No such detritus exists here.
Neko: I know not what they are named. It is a pile of rocks with a rope tied across it, no?
Neko: I may yet require your aid again then.
Neko: I really have maintained this shrine well...
Neko: I shall leave the box repairs to.... you... Meow...
Neko: Indeed, after that huge, huge storm, Hibiki, Domeki, and the others never returned, either.
Neko: It thus stands to reason, then, that should this box be repaired, people will return to offer Mora, and the shrine will be revivified. Is that not so?
Neko: Meow, meow, meow?
Neko: Mmm, that is a fair point you make. Bring forth your map — I shall mark the location out for you.
Neko: Mmm... If your comprehension fails you here... Have you any of those wooden planks left? I will carve an image of what needs to be done.
Neko: Mora is stuffed into the Offering Box. When it was yet whole, many people would come and stuff Mora into it, thus making the shrine most busy indeed.
Neko: Most boring things would be if you were as dull as those other two humans, picking and scratching at rocks as they do.
Neko: Much thought did I give it before realizing that if the shrine's Offering Box were to be fixed, people would come deposit Mora there, thus reviving the shrine.
Neko: Now, surely, you understand. This is how one seals the rocks, and where they are.
Neko: Once the box was damaged, no one came to put Mora in, and thus did the shrine fall silent...
Neko: Other felines address me as "Her Ladyship, the Provisional Head Priestess". But since our fates are twined, you may dispense with such formality.
Neko: Provisional head priestess of the Asase Shrine I may be, but there are some tasks that mine paws lack skill in.
Neko: Rock-paper-scissors? I fail to understand...
Neko: Small beans it was, really.
Neko: Speaking your language is... tiring... Meow...
Neko: Surely. You just comprehend them not.
Neko: The human in charge of those repairs lived in the village over there, but he hasn't come in a good long time...
Neko: The paper on the sticks by the rock's side must become the same as the paper on the rock itself...
Neko: The repairs... please... Meow, meow...
Neko: There should be no problem at all.
Neko: There. I have given you the general location you require.
Neko: This island plays host to four such stones. Hibiki once said that there were meant to seal a bird of most prodigious size.
Neko: This matter is in your hands, meow meow...
Neko: This should be the first step on the shrine's return to its former bustling state — you are also free to offer Mora, should it please you.
Neko: This shrine, too, was built to subdue it, so I heard from her.
Neko: Visit the shrine after some days. Once it grows busy around these parts once more, I am certain that more humans will come to pay their respects.
Neko: Whatever the case may be, I now fully understand that so long as the Offering Box is repaired, the shrine can be restored to its former glory.
Neko: Whatever the case may be, I remember that people always came to maintain the Offering Box, which was why the shrine thrived and the incense within burned well.
Neko: Yet I still recall the sealing methods for the... meow, four stones. You must... Hmm... Meow, meow...
Neko: You seem confused. Perhaps your comprehension is lacking also... Paper with paper, and rock. Did you get that?
Paimon: Actually, hmm, we have met quite a few talking animals, haven't we.
Paimon: But if we wanna fix the box, we're going to need a lot of materials.
Paimon: But those are exactly the things we're gonna need!
Paimon: But well, Dvalin does talk...
Paimon: Do you really know how to work with those Warding Stones?
Paimon: Eh? All the wood's ruined? Th—Then how are we supposed to find repair materials?
Paimon: Eh? Dragons count as "animals"? Paimon feels like they belong in a higher class than that...
Paimon: Eh? Treasure Hoarders, here? What are they doing...
Paimon: Forget maintaining it, we might as well make a new one...
Paimon: Hmm, Paimon thinks that those Treasure Hoarders might have misunderstood us...
Paimon: Hmph!
Paimon: It's hard to fault that reasoning... But at the same time, something doesn't fit...
Paimon: Let's follow them and see what we can find!
Paimon: Let's keep going, Traveler.
Paimon: Looks like they're determined to look into that Warding Stone first...
Paimon: Oh! You mean that snake named Changsheng?
Paimon: Paimon isn't an animal!
Paimon: Purple, tingly things... Do you mean Electro?
Paimon: P—Paimon's just never seen a talking animal before...
Paimon: Rocks, huh... Oh you mean the Warding Stone from before?
Paimon: Ropes? Paper?
Paimon: Seriously, You're playing dumb about something like this!?
Paimon: Since they appeared just beside the Warding Stone, maybe they really do have something to do with it.
Paimon: Still, Paimon's quite concerned about those cat tracks.
Paimon: That's right! The person in charge of maintenance must've kept some spare supplies. We can go have a look...
Paimon: The cat footprints continue onward from here...
Paimon: This is bad! We can't have them grabbing those materials ahead of us. Time to stop 'em!
Paimon: This is... a shrine?
Paimon: This should be the Treasure Hoarders' camp. Let's have a look around.
Paimon: Th—That cat... It's t—talking!
Paimon: Ugh, this thing's in a real state! Looks like nobody's come to fix it up in ages.
Paimon: Was that really not a "herb"?
Paimon: We can probably use these to fix that Offering Box.
Paimon: Well, Electro is running amok here on Seirai Island, that's for sure...
Paimon: Well, here's our village. Let's take a look around.
Paimon: Well, it doesn't matter. Let's just go grab what we need from their camp.
Paimon: Well, let's head for that village quick. Maybe we'll find something we can use.
Paimon: Well, that's where our footprints lead. Let's go in and take a look!
Paimon: Well, this should do it. Let's report back to that tal— Uh, let's go talk to Neko.
Paimon: Well, we've got what we came for. Time to fix that Offering Box.
Paimon: Well, whatever the case, this is the first time Paimon's met a talking cat...
Paimon: What is this, some weird game of rock-paper-scissors?
Paimon: Wow, she really marked it out...
Paimon: You know, like wooden planks, nails, ropes... Do we have that sort of stuff here at the shrine?
Paimon: You're taking all the stuff, by the way. Paimon couldn't carry them to save her life!
Taisuke: A talking cat, huh... I sure would love to go see it myself...
Taisuke: Ah!? E—Eiko, come on, you don't have to be so loud. You almost gave me a heart attack! I mean, you didn't, of course, but haven't you ever considered that the racket you were making might attract monsters?
Taisuke: Alright then, let's figure out how we're supposed to do this sealing business.
Taisuke: And yet the storm hasn't abated at all...
Taisuke: A—Additional help? Wouldn't that be the same as admitting that we're not up to the task?
Taisuke: Basically, we've made zero progress. All we've found out is some strange tracks.
Taisuke: But according to this wooden plank, it isn't going to be that easy.
Taisuke: But in my view, having such sound judgment is quite the skill in and of itself.
Taisuke: Could I at least go visit the shrine and see Neko...?
Taisuke: Hmm, so this Warding Stone is actually divided into an upper and lower section, and it can be rotated...
Taisuke: However, the form and shape of this one doesn't quite match up with what we find in the text...
Taisuke: I've told you many times, haven't I? A good attitude starts with treating people with politeness...
Taisuke: If we rotate it correctly, something might happen...
Taisuke: Look! The words on this wooden plank seem to have been made using claws!
Taisuke: Miss Eiko, this isn't the time to worry about Guild evaluations...
Taisuke: Miss Eiko... Are you just unwilling to walk any further, by chance?
Taisuke: Miss Eiko... Please keep your spirits up. The Guild did give us this commission, after all.
Taisuke: Oh, don't say that! We should at least exercise some basic courtesy.
Taisuke: Oh... Oh! Pleased to meet you, yes, nice to meet you indeed! My name is Taisuke, and I'm an adventurer with Inazuma's Adventurers' Guild...
Taisuke: Oh... Okay then...
Taisuke: O—Oh, hello there. Miss Eiko's always done things like that, so don't think too much of it.
Taisuke: Right... Right! I'm sorry...
Taisuke: She claims that this is because she's never taken up any commissions that she didn't think she could clear...
Taisuke: She doesn't look very serious... but she's actually a very skilled adventurer. There isn't a commission that she hasn't seen through to perfection.
Taisuke: That's odd. This architecture doesn't fit...
Taisuke: The books do say that the Warding Stones are implements for sealing rituals.
Taisuke: They're a cat's tracks. They go from this Warding Stone's side and stretch all the way out.
Taisuke: This seal... No, no...
Taisuke: This... is just incredible. Is that cat named Neko still at that shrine?
Taisuke: Wait? Seal? Th—This Warding Stone needs to be sealed, you say?
Taisuke: We busy ourselves out in the wild so often, It's only right that we maintain a good attitude and outlook during our down-time.
Taisuke: Well, but we could still follow these track to have a look...
Taisuke: Will I need to bring and greeting gifts when I go there to pay respects?
Taisuke: You know, like fish, cat food, things like that...?
Treasure Hoarder: Agh! No more, please! We yield, we yield!
Treasure Hoarder: But... But we really haven't found anything! This village doesn't look like it's been tended to for archon-knows how many years, either...
Treasure Hoarder: Come on lads, let's go! Move it!
Treasure Hoarder: Err, yes, it does...
Treasure Hoarder: Forget treasure, we were hard-pressed to find a plank of wood that wasn't broken around here!
Treasure Hoarder: Huh? Then... Well, then please, just go to our camp and take whatever you need.
Treasure Hoarder: J—Just please, spare our lives...
Treasure Hoarder: Pl—Please, just tell us what you want! There's no need to speak in code!
Treasure Hoarder: So we decided to come over and see what we could find.
Treasure Hoarder: Wait! Please! We'll talk, we'll talk!
Treasure Hoarder: We heard from some people that there was treasure to be had here on Seirai Island, and that the island itself wasn't all that populated...
Treasure Hoarder: We... We were just trying our luck, doing a little digging, you know?
Treasure Hoarder: We... We've got other things to attend to, so let's part ways here!
Treasure Hoarder: W—Well, yes we do. But what do you plan to—
Treasure Hoarder: You've beaten us, so whatever you want Mora or treasure, it's all yours!
You start to repair the Offering Box...
You tell of your experiences...