
Parvaneh: Hmm... I can't help but feel that there is something off with these recipes...
Parvaneh: Never mind. I'll just write them all down for now. Thank you for your help. I hope Xudong doesn't change them again!

Parvaneh: Well, thank you. I've written them all down now. I just hope that Xudong won't mess with them again.
 Almonds.
 Bamboo Shoots.
 Bamboo Shoots. (Correct Answer)
 Bird Eggs.
 Bird Eggs. (Correct Answer)
 Calla Lily.
 Fish.
 Ham.
 How exactly would he improve them?
Parvaneh: Well... his way is different from others. Most chefs try to make the recipe richer so that the dish can be sold at a higher price.
Parvaneh: But Xudong seems to have a completely different principle...
Parvaneh: For example, he used potatoes, mushrooms, and some other cheap vegetables to make a vegetarian dish which somehow tasted like Jueyun Chili Chicken...
Parvaneh: There is also this simplified version of Adeptus' Temptation made with Potatoes, Rice, Lotus Head, Jueyun Chili, dough, and Raw Meat. The texture and taste are somehow similar to the original dish...
 Jueyun Chilis.
 Matsutake.
 Milk.
 No problem.
 Of course. I've been eating my way across Teyvat.
 Pepper.
 Pepper.  (Correct Answer)
 Qingxin. (Correct Answer)
 Quest DescriptionParvaneh of the Gourmet Supremos seems to be troubled by something...
 Salt. (Correct Answer)
 Snapdragon.
 So, what do you want me to do for you?
Parvaneh: Ah... whoops! I was so busy talking about Xudong that I almost forgot the topic at hand...
 Sugar.
 Tomatoes.
 Violetgrass.
 Wait. Aren't you The Gourmet Supremos?
Parvaneh: Please don't mention that name to me again. These words will never appear in my paper...
Parvaneh: Besides, Xudong and his "creative dishes" are the main reasons why I can't remember these recipes.
 What are you doing?
 Why not ask Xudong?
Parvaneh: Xudong... He and his "creative dishes" are the main reasons why I can't remember them.
 Why would he do that?
 Why would he do that?
Parvaneh: According to him, it's to make them less expensive... But I'm not quite sure why he did all that...
 Your skills?
Parvaneh: Haven't I told you? My research topic at Academia is the "ultimate seasoning."
Parvaneh: Simply put, I mean to create a super seasoning that can make any food delicious.
Parvaneh: That's the reason I'm out here to collect information on various cuisines.
Parvaneh: Ahem, I've gone on too long. Let's get back to the recipes...
Parvaneh: "'Skewer' is such a wonderful word. Any ingredient can be skewered on a stick..."
Parvaneh: "...Violetgrass is hard to find. Boil Small Lamp Grass and Snapdragon together. Use the soup to make the dish, which will have the same taste."
Parvaneh: "Butter is expensive and raw meat is hard to store. Why not knead the dough, wash out the gluten, steam the gluten, and season it with fruits and vegetables to give it a savory taste?"
Parvaneh: "Chop Snapdragon and boil it with Mushrooms. Add Salt and Sugar. The soup will taste like Ham."
Parvaneh: "Steam peeled potatoes, mash while hot, add oil and salt. Then put it in a bowl and pour a thick gravy on top. The first bite is just like soft meat."
Parvaneh: According to him, it's to make them less expensive... But I'm not quite sure why he did all that...
Parvaneh: Ah... whoops! I was so busy talking about Xudong that I almost forgot the topic at hand...
Parvaneh: Ahem, I've gone on too long. Let's get back to the recipes...
Parvaneh: Besides, Xudong and his "creative dishes" are the main reasons why I can't remember these recipes.
Parvaneh: But Xudong seems to have a completely different principle...
Parvaneh: But anyway, the results speak for themselves. He was indeed successful.
Parvaneh: Every time he gets hold of a new recipe, he'll only follow the recipe for a day or two at most.
Parvaneh: For example, he used potatoes, mushrooms, and some other cheap vegetables to make a vegetarian dish which somehow tasted like Jueyun Chili Chicken...
Parvaneh: Forget it... Traveler, what I want to ask is: "Besides raw meat, what else is in Bamboo Shoot Soup?"
Parvaneh: Forget it... Traveler, what I want to ask is: "besides Raw Meat, Sugar, and Matsutake, what else is in Tianshu Meat?"
Parvaneh: Haven't I told you? My research topic at Academia is the "ultimate seasoning."
Parvaneh: His outrageous cooking methods are the reason why I was willing to work with him. And I think the reason he was willing to take me on is because of my skills.
Parvaneh: Hmm... I can't help but feel that there is something off with these recipes...
Parvaneh: Hmm... is that so? Let me write it down first.
Parvaneh: Hmm... is that so? Let me write it down first...
Parvaneh: How did Xudong come up with all this...
Parvaneh: I can't believe he made so many notes...
Parvaneh: I don't understand him at all... but he's really good at what he does.
Parvaneh: I mean... with his skills, he'd be alright making anything. But why did he have to mess with these recipes...
Parvaneh: I want to recover those recipes accurately and save a copy in case a proper one is needed.
Parvaneh: I'm sorting recipes out. Unfortunately, I can't remember some of them clearly...
Parvaneh: In Liyue, there is a dish called Bamboo Shoot Soup. It's supposed to be very delicate...
Parvaneh: Never mind. I'll just write them all down for now. Thank you for your help. I hope Xudong doesn't change them again!
Parvaneh: Never mind. Traveler, what I want to ask is: "besides Violetgrass, Jueyun Chili, and Fish, what else is needed in this dish?"
Parvaneh: Never mind... Traveler, what I want to ask is "besides Apples, Butter, and Raw Meat, what else is in Northern Apple Stew?"
Parvaneh: Please don't mention that name to me again. These words will never appear in my paper...
Parvaneh: Simply put, I mean to create a super seasoning that can make any food delicious.
Parvaneh: Thanks. So I'll sort out the messed-up recipes, and you can correct the unclear parts...
(Three of the following dishes will be asked in random order)
Parvaneh: That's the reason I'm out here to collect information on various cuisines.
Parvaneh: The first bite... does that mean you can tell after a few more bites? Come on, that will only fool those who have never had genuine Tianshu Meat...
Parvaneh: The taste is similar to the original, but the production cost is ridiculously low.
Parvaneh: Then, he... tries various things to improve them.
Parvaneh: There is a dish called Northern Apple Stew in Mondstadt. Ugh, Xudong wrote down a bunch of nonsense here again...
Parvaneh: There is a dish called Tri-Flavored Skewer in Inazuma... ever since Uncle Munehisa taught Xudong this dish, he's been working hard on it...
Parvaneh: There is a famous dish in Liyue called Black-Back Perch Stew...
Parvaneh: There is a this famous dish called Tianshu Meat in Liyue, let's see... Uh, Xudong scribbled something here, too...
Parvaneh: There is also this simplified version of Adeptus' Temptation made with Potatoes, Rice, Lotus Head, Jueyun Chili, dough, and Raw Meat. The texture and taste are somehow similar to the original dish...
Parvaneh: This fellow... How is butter expensive? And why not just buy fresh meat?
Parvaneh: This recipe should be like this...
Parvaneh: Traveler, if you still remember them, could you help me out?
Parvaneh: Well, thank you. I've written them all down now. I just hope that Xudong won't mess with them again.
Parvaneh: Well... his way is different from others. Most chefs try to make the recipe richer so that the dish can be sold at a higher price.
Parvaneh: What exactly does he want to skewer... Oh, forget it! Traveler, what I want to ask is: "besides Raw Meat, Flour, and Snapdragon, what else is needed for Tri-Flavored Skewer?"
Parvaneh: Who would cook these things together!? And even if the soup tasted like ham, it's not as if there would be any in there!
Parvaneh: Xudong has been pestering me to change the recipes. He would write and draw directly on them... As such, some recipes have become hard to read.
Parvaneh: Xudong only said that he wanted to make the dishes cheaper.
Parvaneh: Xudong... He and his "creative dishes" are the main reasons why I can't remember them.
Parvaneh: Xudong... He changed this one too...