 Ah, classic ingredients...
Chef Mao: Hahaha, that's for sure. They are the hardest to mess up too. Bring them to me once you get some.
Chef Mao: That said, I really don't know how to cook Sakura Blooms... I'm not sure how chefs in Inazuma handle them.
 Anything that I can help you with?
Xudong: Remember how I promised you a meal? I'm making preparations for it right now.
 Are you going to treat me to that meal?
Xudong: Hahaha, that's exactly what I'm prepping for!
 Do you know him?
 Do you know what might help him?
Chef Mao: I can't guarantee it will work, but I'll try my best.
 I'm actually here for your advice...
 Is it made with Slime Condensate, by any chance?
 Leave it to me.
Xudong: Thanks. I'll be waiting for you here.
 No problem.
Chef Mao: Thanks. Bring them to me once you get them.
 Perhaps Xiangling knows how to solve his problem...
Chef Mao: Xiangling... True, she's always been a very creative cook. Maybe she can figure out a solution.
Chef Mao: But she's gone to Qingce Village to pick bamboo shoots at the moment, so she isn't here. It'll take a while to find her.
 Quest DescriptionXudong, the leader of the Gourmet Supremos, seems to be troubled by a certain matter...
 Well, I've got something I need your help with.
 Where are Julie and Parvaneh?
 You reacted just like Chef Mao...
Xiangling: Oh, you went to the restaurant? Hmm. But now that I've had another look, you don't look like you're here for a meal.
Xiangling: Are you having some culinary problems, then?
The Traveler tells Xiangling about Xudong...
 You want that bit of boom shaka-laka, don't you?
Xudong: Boom shaka-laka? What? Do you mean... a kind of feeling of awe from food?
Xudong: If you can find a recipe with that feeling, that would be fantastic.
Xudong: But I don't know anyone who would have such a recipe...
Xudong: Anyway, please go and consult Chef Mao for me first.
Chef Mao: But she's gone to Qingce Village to pick bamboo shoots at the moment, so she isn't here. It'll take a while to find her.
Chef Mao: Done. Still, I feel like it's not all that different from the dishes I usually make...
Chef Mao: Hahaha, that's for sure. They are the hardest to mess up too. Bring them to me once you get some.
Chef Mao: Have you gotten the Jueyun Chili and Fowl?
(Give Jueyun Chili ×1 and Fowl ×3)
Chef Mao: He said he wanted to travel the world looking for a breakthrough... I never thought he would actually do it.
Chef Mao: Huh? Traveler, what are you doing here? Want me to whip something tasty up again?
Chef Mao: I can't guarantee it will work, but I'll try my best.
Chef Mao: If I took the Seagrass and Sea Ganoderma alone, I think I could make a dish... but we'll need some additional things.
Chef Mao: Seagrass... Sea Ganoderma... and... Sakura Bloom? These are strange ingredients...
Chef Mao: Sort of. We had a cooking rivalry once, and it was... a stalemate.
Chef Mao: Still, it looks like he's hit a wall...
Chef Mao: Take this dish back to Xudong. Hopefully, it'll solve his problem...
(Obtain Chef Mao's Special Jueyun Chili Chicken)
Chef Mao: Thanks. Bring them to me once you get them.
Chef Mao: That said, I really don't know how to cook Sakura Blooms... I'm not sure how chefs in Inazuma handle them.
Chef Mao: That should be enough. Hold on a moment. I'll see what I can do with these ingredients...
Chef Mao: Traveler, could you please go and find some Jueyun Chili and Fowl for me?
Chef Mao: Xiangling... True, she's always been a very creative cook. Maybe she can figure out a solution.
Chef Mao: Xudong must be waiting anxiously. Let me see if I can solve his problem.
Chef Mao: Xudong went to Inazuma to cook?... He really has quite a bit of determination.
Paimon: It would be great if we could ask Xiangling for advice. She's really good at cooking.
Paimon: Wanmin restaurant... Paimon remembers that name. That's the restaurant Xiangling and her father run, right?
Paimon: Who knows, we might even get something that's got that boom shaka-laka!
The Traveler tells Chef Mao about Xudong...
The Traveler tells Xiangling about Xudong...
Xiangling: *sigh* I wish I could go to Inazuma. There must be so many ingredients I haven't used yet.
(Obtain Xiangling's Handwritten Notes)
Xiangling: Are you having some culinary problems, then?
Xiangling: Hehe. You've come to the right chef! I've heard of an Inazuman technique where you wrap ingredients in flour and fry them.
Xiangling: Huh? It's you. What brings you here? Want me to whip something tasty up again?
Xiangling: I was particularly interested in the dipping sauce when I tried making tempura.
Xiangling: I've tried so many ingredients: Whopperflower Nectar, Flaming Flower...
Xiangling: It's called tempura and it's served with a special dipping sauce.
Xiangling: Just in case you forget, I'll write it down. Then you can show it to Xudong.
Xiangling: No, no. Slime Condensate isn't appropriate for this dish.
Xiangling: Oh, you went to the restaurant? Hmm. But now that I've had another look, you don't look like you're here for a meal.
Xiangling: Oh. Handling ingredients from Inazuma using techniques from Liyue...
Xiangling: Still, I prefer adding the powder from Electro Cicin wings to give it a more layered texture.
Xiangling: These bamboo shoots look pretty good. I'll dig some up...
Xudong: Ahem... I better read these notes and put them away quickly. I can't let Parvaneh find them...
Xudong: Anyway, please go and consult Chef Mao for me first.
Xudong: Boom shaka-laka? What? Do you mean... a kind of feeling of awe from food?
Xudong: But I don't know anyone who would have such a recipe...
Xudong: Hahaha, that's exactly what I'm prepping for!
Xudong: Hey, Traveler. Nice to see you again.
Xudong: How on earth am I going to make a truly unique dish...
Xudong: However, I do need your help with something. Although I have a lot of fresh ingredients, I don't have... the inspiration I need to make a breakthrough.
Xudong: However, I still feel like it's missing a little something...
Xudong: I don't know... *sigh* I'll think about it. At least Chef Mao has given me an idea.
Xudong: I hope Chef Mao has some good ideas...
Xudong: I was going to ask a local chef in Inazuma for advice. But if I did that, I'd end up with the usual Inazuma cuisine. It's nothing new.
Xudong: I'll look into this... In the meantime, please take these as thanks.
Xudong: I've almost got enough ingredients, so I'm trying to figure out how to cook them.
Xudong: If you can find a recipe with that feeling, that would be fantastic.
Xudong: Let's see... Whopperflower Nectar... Flaming Flower... and Electro Cicin wing powder...
Xudong: Look at these. Seagrass... Sea Ganoderma, and... uh, Sakura Bloom...
Xudong: Oh, you're back. What did Chef Mao say?
(Give Chef Mao's Special Jueyun Chili Chicken)
Xudong: Oh, you're back. What did Chef Mao say?
(Give Xiangling's Handwritten Notes)
Xudong: Rather... unexpected, I must say.
Xudong: Remember how I promised you a meal? I'm making preparations for it right now.
Xudong: She took Julie outdoors with her on that search... They said they wouldn't go too far from town, though, so don't worry.
Xudong: So I thought of using Inazuman ingredients like the chefs from Liyue. That way, I might be able to make something new and exciting.
Xudong: Thank you for your help. Please take these.
Xudong: Thanks. I'll be waiting for you here.
Xudong: The boom shaka-laka feeling, I suppose.
Xudong: The taste is great and the combination of the ingredients is also really good. As expected of Chef Mao.
Xudong: They are quite fresh, but I have no idea where to start.
Xudong: This dish... let me give it a try...
Xudong: Traveler, could you please go to Liyue and consult Chef Mao of the Wanmin Restaurant for me?
Xudong: We've been collecting fresh ingredients from everywhere to make a great meal.
Xudong: Well, Parvaneh is out tracking down more ingredients for the "ultimate seasoning" that she wanted to make.
Xudong: Xiangling... wrote this? It must have been hard to find her. Thank you for your help.