 I just wish we could use it outside Domains.
Paimon: Yup! That would take the cake!
Timaeus: Oh? Seems like you liked it. Go on then, give us the details!
 I think there's room for improvement.
Paimon: That's true... For example, it would be better if we could use it outside Domains!
Timaeus: True. I was just discussing the issue with Ms. Ying'er. Please, give us all the details.
 I'd almost forgotten...
 Quest DescriptionThe Smoldersleet Potion's phased trials are over. It is time to report back to Timaeus...
 We will!
 You know, Paimon, somehow I doubt that you're in it for the research.
 You're just here for the free meal, aren't you?
Paimon: Actually, this research was pretty cool! You should bring us along next time you come to Liyue, Timaeus!
Paimon: C'mon! Paimon did help... ask for directions!
Paimon: Eh? Weren't you two discussing stuff the whole time? Why didn't you just tell her?
Paimon: Guess it's time to head back and look for Timaeus!
Paimon: Ooh, that's right! Alright, alright, alright! Time for a great big meal!
Paimon: Paimon doesn't get it...
Paimon: Still, it feels like you made some important suggestions each time, Ms. Ying'er.
Paimon: Thanks, Ms. Ying'er!
Paimon: That's true... For example, it would be better if we could use it outside Domains!
Paimon: Traveler, do you get the feeling that Timaeus has been acting all weird ever since we said bye to Ms. Ying'er?
Paimon: Well, we sure used our Smoldersleet Potions a ton of times back  in that Domain, didn't we?
Paimon: What are you talking to yourself about, Timaeus?
Paimon: Whew! Paimon's super full!
Paimon: Wow, Paimon couldn't make sense of that at all.
Paimon: Yup! That would take the cake!
Timaeus: *cough* Well, uh, Ms. Ying'er's manner of speech is just too... too special! I must consider my words very carefully, and in such cases, penning a letter is naturally superior to speaking face-to-face...
Timaeus: *sigh* I couldn't say it in the end, huh?
Timaeus: Alright then. We'll calm down a bit, and wait for a suitable opportunity...
Timaeus: But considering that I'd already given her so much trouble, it was probably for the best that I didn't take up any more of her time.
Timaeus: But once I return to Mondstadt, I'll be throwing myself into improving the Smoldersleet Potion, so I'm afraid I won't be coming back to Liyue for some time.
Timaeus: Haha! Whatever the case, thank you both so much!
Timaeus: It's just as you predicted, Ms. Ying'er!
Timaeus: I—I'm just expressing my admiration for your knowledge!
Timaeus: Maybe I'll have to ask you to help me deliver a letter. I mean, I still haven't properly thanked Ms. Ying'er for her help.
Timaeus: Of course! When that time comes, I'll send you my best potions as a memento!
Timaeus: Oh? Seems like you liked it. Go on then, give us the details!
Timaeus: Our path for improvement is clear — we must somehow contain the sublimated substances within a set area.
Timaeus: Perhaps we could reverse the special characteristics of dandelions to create special excipients that can prevent the substances from being affected by the flow of air.
Timaeus: Thanks for your help so far! As we agreed, I'll treat you both to a great meal at Wanmin Restaurant.
Timaeus: There is no precedent to such a method though, and we will need a great number of trials to prove its feasibility.
Timaeus: True. I was just discussing the issue with Ms. Ying'er. Please, give us all the details.
Timaeus: Uh, N—Nothing!
Timaeus: Well now, time presses. Let's head back to Mondstadt right now. Why, I can't wait to create the perfected version of my Smoldersleet Potion!
Timaeus: You know, Ms. Ying'er, if you have the time, would you like to come with us to Wanmin Restaurant...?
Timaeus: You're back! How are the Smoldersleet Potions performing?
Ying'er leaves.
Ying'er: Ah, I don't think I ever came up with such a detailed postulation.
Ying'er: Alright, alright. You'd best give it your all, now. Who knows? You might have to use some alternative sources of knowledge in the future, too.
Ying'er: Don't forget to drop by often~
Ying'er: Don't forget to keep me posted once your research succeeds.
Ying'er: Oh, I'm afraid our academic exchange must come to an end for now. There are still many matters I must attend to at Scent of Spring.
Ying'er: Well, my hardworking alchemist, are you trying to fathom my depths, or are you just trying to please me through flattery?
You explain what happened during the test run in detail.
You go to Wanmin Restaurant with Timaeus and have a hearty meal.