 A very festive experience!
 I need a moment.
 Is something the matter?
 It's showtime.
(Continues quest)
 Let me get warmed up first...
 Let's do this.
(Continues quest)
 Let's have at it.
 Quest DescriptionTiantian of the Liyue Adventurers' Guild seems to have been working on something...
 The Xiao Lanterns were very pretty...
 They're not bad.
Tiantian: Ah, yes. Here's your remuneration for helping me evaluate those tracks. Please, take it.
Tiantian: Alright then — you can begin whenever you're ready. Collect the Xiao Lanterns en route to your objective.
Tiantian: Alright! This is where the track begins. Once again, the Xiao Lanterns are all in place.
Tiantian: Great! Guess I can report back to the Millelith now.
Tiantian: Hehe, of course! I put them there myself, you know.
Tiantian: Hm... Why didn't anyone come...
Tiantian: I hear that Brother Qian's come up with a game called... called a somethingy-screen. I don't wanna be left out!
Tiantian: I'd originally designed two tracks, but when I went to notify the Millelith, they said I needed to find a test flier who could evaluate them from a safety perspective first.
Tiantian: I'm sure that a fun activity like this will attract lots of people to join the Guild.
Tiantian: No problem, just let me know when you're done.
(Dialogue ends and resets)
Tiantian: Simply put, I wanted to use some Xiao Lanterns to mark out a gliding track.
Tiantian: So I thought up a new activity. I call it... "My First Adventure."
Tiantian: So, now that you've tested both tracks out, what's your overall impression?
Tiantian: Sure, just let me know once you're ready.
(Dialogue ends and resets)
Tiantian: Thanks so much for your help! Let's go to Mt. Tianheng, then. That's where the first track starts.
Tiantian: Then, anyone who wants to take part in this activity can just open up their wind glider and follow the Xiao Lanterns as they fly...
Tiantian: This is the finish line. You're pretty good at this, aren't you... So, how did you find it?
Tiantian: This is where the track begins, see? The Xiao Lanterns are all in position.
Tiantian: Traveler! Could... Could you hear me out? So, it's the Lantern Rite right now, and the Guild was looking to hitch a ride on the festive cheer and do some advertising — to see if we could snag some new recruits.
Tiantian: Well then, let's go to the next track, shall we?
Tiantian: You can begin as soon as you're ready. Same deal as before, collect the lanterns as you head for the objective.
Tiantian: You must have a lot of adventuring experience, right? Would you mind doing the evaluation for me?
Tiantian: You'd get to feel the thrill of adventure and take in the beautiful sights of Liyue, with Xiao Lanterns at your side the whole way! Sounds good, right?