
A Note
I heard about how you helped me from my teammates. Thank you very much. If one day we are no longer enemies and instead fight side by side, I think we would make good comrades-in-arms.
— Yakov
I hope you will find the method I taught you of obtaining intel useful. Come to think of it, it's the only useful thing I've said!
— Agafya
My father once taught me that a real man's worth is seen in battle, so let's fight justly and honorably next time — and may the vanquished not begrudge the victor their success.
— Chevka
I leave you these four apples.
— Zakhar
 (He still doesn't seem to be in his right mind...)
 About Yakov...
Chevka: *sigh* It seems Yakov is still delirious...
 About Zakhar...
Agafya: Zakhar is an orphan. His parents died of illness long ago, and it is said that he led a difficult life for a long time. He then heard the Fatui provided free meals, and decided to join them...
 About the photo...
Agafya: Well that's my two brothers in the photo, both of whom have devoted their services to Snezhnaya. I've always been proud of them.
 About the signal testing...
Agafya: Like I told you, I don't know much about it. They were probably just some simple tests, but running all over these islands was just... incredibly tiring.
 Do Fatui listen to bedtime stories too?
 Internal files?
 It counts. Just barely, though...
 It's news to us, at least...
 Must be Twinning Isle.
 Nothing yet...
 Quest DescriptionThe Fatui team members you've brought back to their senses have all returned to the camp on the central island. You wonder if the Geochanter Bracer named Yakov has regained his wits or not...
 Step DescriptionPlace the conches that you have gathered to the proper area in the center of the campsite. Perhaps this might bring Yakov back to his senses...
 Step DescriptionYou may have to find the Imaging Conches that the Fatui have taken to various different places to help Yakov regain his senses...
 That sounds good to me.
 That's great news.
 There was probably a pocket of air inside the shell...
 This isn't the time for pranks, Paimon!
 Uhh, should I be very concerned...?
 We have to find all three conches.
 We're still investigating...
 Well, it is being affected by the Mirage...
 What about the conches?
 What's this internal file-communique-business, anyway?
 Where are they now?
 Why did you join the Fatui?
Chevka: Why... I joined the Fatui?
Chevka: Well, I did it to help realize the long-cherished wish of Her Royal Highness the Tsaritsa... and to bring more honor to my family. I was raised to fight for the Tsaritsa.
 Wouldn't that be a blessing?
A Note
Agafya: *sigh*...
Agafya: ...You know what, if you're that scared, I'll go with you to talk to Chevka, alright?
Agafya: But he's all on his lonesome now. We've got our own duties to perform, so none of us can afford to take care of him. How will he survive if he gets dismissed?
Agafya: But that was quite a while back, and... uhh... My memory's still hazy from whatever it was that huge machine did to me.
Agafya: Can't find the conch? If I remember correctly, it should be in a watery cave on the big island to the northwest.
Agafya: Come on, Yakov, orders are orders, Chevka isn't going to blame you for them!
Agafya: Every time I got to it, he'd look at me misty-eyed. Why didn't he react at all this time?
Agafya: Every time I sing the song, especially when I get to the line "Midsummer passed, flowers faded. You'll sail away someday, but I'll be here, waiting..."
Agafya: Hah! You should have seen how afraid he was of getting scolded by you. It was almost like watching a little brother cower at the thought of his older brother scolding him. Y'know... do you think he's just afraid of disappointing us?
Agafya: Hey, (Traveler). You know how to deal with situations like this, right?
Agafya: I don't remember ever sitting on this cart... There's mud all over it.
Agafya: I mean, we're just squad-mates... but it does sometimes feel like we're family as well...
Agafya: Just shut up already, Chevka.
Agafya: Let me think, I had just gotten on the large island to the northwest... Then I finished the soup and tossed the conch into a watery cave.
Agafya: Like I told you, I don't know much about it. They were probably just some simple tests, but running all over these islands was just... incredibly tiring.
Agafya: No, we just heard your true feelings, Yakov. By mistake, yes, but still... Family sometimes goes beyond blood, you know.
Agafya: Oh, Yakov. Poor Yakov...
Agafya: Oh, it's you. Well, as you can see, Yakov is still unresponsive.
Agafya: Oh, right, yes! Without their help, you might have been in a coma forever, Yakov!
Agafya: Please, I'm begging you, just find a way to wake Yakov up!
Agafya: See? Chevka doesn't mind!
Agafya: Shut it, you. Don't talk to me! I should've never let Yakov go with you!
Agafya: So, did you find anything?
Agafya: So, has Yakov woken up?
Agafya: Thank you so much!
Agafya: The bulk of the troops have already left, and we're just about ready to leave as well...
Agafya: The experiment and our mission are both over, Yakov.
Agafya: There are supposed to be four conches, though, so there should be three more!
Agafya: Uh, we thought they were just ordinary shells, so we threw them away after using them...
Agafya: Um, it's nothing. There's nothing all that important written there...
Agafya: Well that's my two brothers in the photo, both of whom have devoted their services to Snezhnaya. I've always been proud of them.
Agafya: Well, that's it. We've told you everything we know. Have you found some way to wake Yakov up?
Agafya: What should we do now? If he goes back to Snezhnaya like this, he'll probably be dismissed from the Fatui...
Agafya: What you described sounds like what happened when I took Yakov, who feared a dressing down, to find Chevka.
Agafya: While regrouping at the camp, we realized that we forgot to bring bowls for soup, so we used conches instead, one for each of us.
Agafya: Wow, I didn't expect that the conches affected by the strange machine would have such an effect.
Agafya: Yakov, Yakov... That was your favorite song.
Agafya: Yakov.
Agafya: You want intel, right? We can trade! Even classified secrets such as...
Agafya: Zakhar is an orphan. His parents died of illness long ago, and it is said that he led a difficult life for a long time. He then heard the Fatui provided free meals, and decided to join them...
Agafya: Zakhar...
Chevka: *sigh* It seems Yakov is still delirious...
Chevka: *sigh* Oh, what are we going to do about Yakov... Do you have any clues, (Traveler)?
Chevka: Bah, it was just a signal reception test, not the end of the world.
Chevka: Family, huh...
Chevka: Gah. If I knew what those conchs could do, I wouldn't have taken mine out of the camp.
Chevka: Hehehe, that researcher Persikov, bossing us around and making us do all the hard work...
Chevka: Huh, that's the part where Agafya and I watched Yakov make preparations... Wait, that's not right. The equipment we needed to bring was on the cart, not in the tent!
Chevka: I got it, Agafya! Yakov wants his father to come back more than anything else. How about I pretend to be his father?
Chevka: I think I might've left mine on a mountain on the large island to the south...
Chevka: I think I might've left that conch of mine on a mountain on the large island to the south...
Chevka: It wasn't my fault, you know. It was that experiment!
Chevka: Now that this experiment has failed, there'll be a fine show to watch once we get back for sure.
Chevka: Now that you mention it, I do remember that incident.
Chevka: Running errands is what we do. We don't know any classified secrets.
Chevka: So it was about "family," huh? Well, at least I was half right!
Chevka: Well, I did it to help realize the long-cherished wish of Her Royal Highness the Tsaritsa... and to bring more honor to my family. I was raised to fight for the Tsaritsa.
Chevka: Well, look who's back. Pfft. Well, at least you didn't wreck the device or anything.
Chevka: Why... I joined the Fatui?
Chevka: You can think of me as your father if you want.
Chevka: You know, I honestly thought that he was in serious trouble this time. Who knew this was just about being assigned slightly more annoying work! So yeah, that was a relief.
I heard about how you helped me from my teammates. Thank you very much. If one day we are no longer enemies and instead fight side by side, I think we would make good comrades-in-arms.
I hope you will find the method I taught you of obtaining intel useful. Come to think of it, it's the only useful thing I've said!
I leave you these four apples.
My father once taught me that a real man's worth is seen in battle, so let's fight justly and honorably next time — and may the vanquished not begrudge the victor their success.
Paimon: Actually, Paimon's been meaning to ask...
Paimon: Ah, there we go! Yakov's regained his wits!
Paimon: Alright, it's a deal then. We'll help you.
Paimon: But how do we wake Yakov up, exactly?
Paimon: But this snippet just kinda comes outta nowhere. We can't tell what's going on at all...
Paimon: But...
Paimon: By the way, (Traveler), we saw strange conch images in all those places they mentioned.
Paimon: Don't move, (Traveler), behind you...!
Paimon: Hey, looks like those two people are lying on the ground... Are they stargazing?
Paimon: Hmm... Honestly, there's some stuff that Paimon still wants to know, but whatever. At least we've finished this "errands for intel" trade, eh?
Paimon: Hmm... it does feel like the snippets it gets are all over the place, though. It's like something's missing.
Paimon: Hmm? Look at the conch on that crate, (Traveler)...
Paimon: Huh, so she wasn't telling a story after all...
Paimon: Huh, the projection is actually at the center of the stage.
Paimon: Huh. These images look kinda weird. Let's try arranging them a bit differently, (Traveler)...
Paimon: Is Yakov still not responding?
Paimon: It feels like we've seen this sorta thing before, haven't we? Let's go have a look.
Paimon: Let's bring 'em back to their camp and place them on the crate. We'll see what happens then.
Paimon: Let's go ask those Fatui, (Traveler).
Paimon: Oh, wait, no. It's just the image projected from the conch. It just appeared behind you so suddenly...
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon knows! She must have been telling the person sitting on the ground a story before they went to bed. That's the kind of picture this is!
Paimon: Ooh, so these conches can record images...
Paimon: Seriously? That conch just floated up from inside the well...
Paimon: That's pretty amazing. Ooh, look, (Traveler)! Someone's bending over... Ah!
Paimon: The large island to the south should be Minacious Isle. And as for the northeastern one...
Paimon: The northwestern island should be the one from Xinyan's dream, or Broken Isle.
Paimon: These must be the three conches Agafya and the others mentioned!
Paimon: They look like they've been staying at this camp this whole time... (Traveler), why don't we rummage about and see what we can find?
Paimon: They were scattered on those three islands.
Paimon: They're pointing towards something high up. Are they looking for something to eat?
Paimon: Those three conches we picked up might have something to do with that. We should put them on the box and see!
Paimon: To be honest, these Fatui don't seem all that bad...
Paimon: To be honest, this image seems a bit weird...
Paimon: Um, Paimon gets the feeling that we just eavesdropped on something we really shouldn't have...
Paimon: Wait, is this conch crooked somehow?
Paimon: Well, how do you feel about the intel that "the Fatui are secretly hunting mysterious Medaka on Golden Apple Archipelago," (Traveler)?
Paimon: Well, it's not exactly a lead, but it has potential.
Paimon: What are those two doing? One seems to be talking and the other is sitting on the ground.
Paimon: You guys sure scattered them everywhere, huh...
Paimon: You never know.
Paimon: Your memory's hazy, yet you know that there are four conches?
Paimon: Yup, if we find these three conch shells, maybe we'll find a clue to helping Yakov wake up!
Projection of Agafya: ...You know what, if you're that scared, I'll go with you to talk to Chevka, alright?
Projection of Agafya: Come on, Yakov, orders are orders, and Chevka isn't going to blame you for them!
Projection of Agafya: Hah! You should have seen how afraid he was of getting scolded by you. It was almost like watching a little brother cower at the thought of his older brother scolding him. Y'know... do you think he's just afraid of disappointing us?
Projection of Agafya: I mean, we're just squad-mates... but it does sometimes feel like we're family as well...
Projection of Agafya: See? Chevka doesn't mind!
Projection of Chevka: Bah, it was just a signal reception test, not the end of the world.
Projection of Chevka: Family, huh...
Projection of Chevka: Well, look who's back. Pfft. Well, at least you didn't wreck the device or anything.
Projection of Chevka: You know, I honestly thought that he was in serious trouble this time. Who knew this was just about being assigned slightly more annoying work! So yeah, that was a relief.
Projection of Yakov: Agafya, Persikov has ordered us to perform some signal reception tests. Looks like all four of us have to go... Chevka will probably get mad at me.
Projection of Yakov: But the commander still gave me an earful and ordered our squad to do signal reception tests. I mean, ugh, that's the toughest job around...
Projection of Yakov: But...
Projection of Yakov: Two signal testing sets...
Projection of Yakov: Well, the waves were really choppy, so I slipped and fell while carrying the device. Fortunately, I was quick enough to save it...
Projection of Yakov: Well... Guess I'll make preparations. We'll head out later!
Projection of Zakhar: Oh come on, don't feel so down. We've done this stuff a hundred times before. Hey, chin up! Go get yourself something to eat!
Projection of Zakhar: Yakov, what did the commander say to you that's got you so down?
Yakov: ...Wait a minute. I've read about you two in our internal files...
Yakov: Agafya, Researcher Persikov has ordered us to perform some signal reception tests. Looks like all four of us have to go... Chevka will probably get mad at me.
Yakov: But I don't want any accolades or honors. I... I just want my family back. Oh father, why did you leave me behind in this world?
Yakov: But the commander still gave me an earful and ordered our squad to do signal reception tests. I mean, ugh, that's the toughest job around...
Yakov: Family... But I don't have any family now...
Yakov: I am extremely grateful to you all but... I think it might still be too embarrassing to admit that I need "family"...
Yakov: I... Oh, I know...
Yakov: My father stayed behind so I could get away and return to Snezhnaya. After confirming that he didn't make it, they sent me that insignia...
Yakov: Two signal testing sets...
Yakov: Ugh, my head hurts... What happened? Why are you here, Agafya? Weren't you in the other squad?
Yakov: Uh, I'll pass. That would be weird...
Yakov: Well, the waves were really choppy, so I slipped and fell while carrying the device. Fortunately, I was quick enough to save it...
Yakov: Well, uh... I don't know what happened, but thank you all the same!
Yakov: Well... Guess I'll make preparations. We'll head out later!
Yakov: Why are you all looking at me like that? Did I say something strange?
Yakov: Why... Why did you leave me alone, Father... Why...
You explain the function of the conches to the three Fatui...
Zakhar: Ah... How much longer till Yakov regains his wits?
Zakhar: Before we took off, however, Yakov left his on a box.
Zakhar: But we've spent so much time together as a team, day in and day out... I'mnot the brightest spark, I know that, but can anyone truly feel nothing at all for their comrades?
Zakhar: But, friends can also be made even from amongst foes, right?
Zakhar: Eh, what was so good about that bag, anyway? I don't remember there being anything to eat in there...
Zakhar: Heh, if you ask me, I'd say that family is whoever you feel comfortable breaking bread with, day after day.
Zakhar: Hehe, I threw mine into a well on the large island to the northeast.
Zakhar: I made him his favorite soup. It smelled so good that it made my mouth water, but he remained unconscious.
Zakhar: It's kind of weird to think that we may become enemies again in the future...
Zakhar: My conch? Well, I threw it into a well on the great island to the northeast. That was one deep well.
Zakhar: No, he's still not responding.
Zakhar: Oh come on, don't feel so down. We've done this stuff a hundred times before. Hey, chin up! Go get yourself something to eat!
Zakhar: Our instructors taught us that we Fatui soldiers of Snezhnaya who should stand ready to sacrifice ourselves for a greater cause, and that we should not be too swayed by unnecessary emotions...
Zakhar: Sorry, that's all I can remember.
Zakhar: The rest of us took ours!
Zakhar: Yakov, what did the commander say to you that's got you so down?
Zakhar: Yes, such as "we Fatui are secretly hunting for mysterious Medaka in the Golden Apple Archipelago"!
— Agafya
— Chevka
— Yakov
— Zakhar