 By yourself?
 Quest DescriptionThe Sumeru researcher Khedive, who is conducting research as part of the exploration team, seems to be troubled about the environment within The Chasm.
 The Spike wound up causing the dark mud to gush out instead...
 You should pay more attention to your own safety nonetheless.
 You're moving it into the mining complex?
Hosseini: Ah, is that how it is... Agh, to think that I did not factor the ground into my calculations. Ah, what an error.
Hosseini: Also, the Pursina's Spike has a definite effect on environments affected by the dark mud. This shows that the mud's proliferation is, as I guessed, an issue that stems from the Ley Lines.
Hosseini: But when they heard that my objective was to resolve the issue of the dark mud, they refused any payment.
Hosseini: But within The Chasm, the medium through which the Spike's energy travels is not soil but rock, which has very different properties. This caused a major discrepancy between the earlier calculations and the actual results.
Hosseini: I've spoken to Khedive and Muning from the Ministry of Civil Affairs, however. The Mora will still go to them as compensation.
Hosseini: Indeed, theory is not a mere matter of imagination. Instead, it must be grounded and proven in reality.
Hosseini: Indeed, this place is quite far from the mining complex, so the mud really shouldn't be flowing all the way here... The situation must be more urgent than we imagined.
Hosseini: Later, it can be moved into the mining complex, where operations can then begin.
Hosseini: Not that I worry about being injured — that would be a small loss compared to any damage that might be done to the Pursina's Spike. How would I answer to our great tutor Firnas or my fellow researchers in the Kshahrewar...
Hosseini: Of course, I'll need you to help start the machine up once it reaches its destination.
Hosseini: Of course, if I had done the experiment myself, I would have wound up being attacked by the monsters.
Hosseini: Thank you so much for helping me with this test run, (Traveler). I will make some adjustments to the Pursina's Spike.
Hosseini: That's right. Our previous experiments all took place on softer soil.
Hosseini: This proves the need for experimentation and proof, does it not?
Hosseini: True. The data we've collected can be used to adjust the results of our calculations. Now, the solutions to these interfering parameters... I believe there are four such methods, though there should be only one that will prove most effective.
Hosseini: We also need to collect some rock samples from The Chasm to get a better picture of some involved parameters.
Hosseini: We cannot shame the good name of the Academia...
Hosseini: Well, no. I had agreed with Khedive to hire some of the local miners here to move it.
Paimon: Didn't you say that theoretically, there wouldn't be any problems?
Paimon: Factor the ground into your calculations?
Paimon: This proving process seems kinda dangerous, though. Also, why did so much mud come out all at once?