
Yae Miko: Long ago, Inazuma had five legendary poets
Yae Miko: People bestowed upon them the title of The Five Kasen
Venti: One Year
Venti: The poet Suikou made his way to the Tenshukashu
Venti: And presented the Kasen's work for the Shogun's perusal
Venti: But a page from the works of Aoi no Okina had been torn out
Venti: And Suikou was questioned regarding the matter
Venti: Suikou pleaded guilty
Venti: He admitted to drinking at the tavern the night before
Venti: And vaguely recalled a mysterious figure approaching while he was intoxicated
Xingqiu: That figure was none other than Aoi no Okina himself
Xingqiu: This turn of events had begun with an unnamed individual
Xingqiu: Under whose coercion Aoi no Okina was forced
Xingqiu: To take drastic measures to retrieve a page of poetry
Xingqiu: He knew nothing
Xingqiu: Of this individual's true intentions
Xingqiu: All he knew was that
Xingqiu: The poem had to do with an old acquaintance, Akahito
Kaedahara Kazuha: Akahito had once belonged to the Five Kasen
Kaedahara Kazuha: Each poem he composed, he marked with a scarlet red seal
Kaedahara Kazuha: Hence the "Aka" in his name
Kaedahara Kazuha: Such a distinguished writer was he
Kaedahara Kazuha: And yet one of the poems he had submitted the previous year
Kaedahara Kazuha: Was found to be plagiarized
Kaedahara Kazuha: Akahito was exiled for his crimes
Kaedahara Kazuha: And only four of the Five Kasen remained
Kamisato Ayaka: Sumizome went over Akahito's poems
Kamisato Ayaka: And noticed that the plagiarized poem lacked his seal
Kamisato Ayaka: She immersed his poetry in a stream nearby
Kamisato Ayaka: And only on the plagiarized poem
Kamisato Ayaka: Did the ink run
Kamisato Ayaka: Aoi no Okina passed by
Kamisato Ayaka: And witnessed Sumizome's doing
Kamisato Ayaka: Which he then recorded in a poem
Kamisato Ayaka: Thus transpired the events of Suikou's poetry submission
Kamisato Ayaka: And this is where the story comes to an end
 However?
 Is there another problem?
 It was added later by someone else.
 Kazuha, can you show us that piece of paper?
 Maybe it can help Xingqiu?
 Paimon, what's wrong?
 Quest DescriptionHead to the Ritou docks according to the arrival schedule. The guests should arrive at 09:00 the next day.
 So this poem wasn't written by Akahito.
 Step DescriptionAlbedo seems to have figured out a way to help Xingqiu. Go look for Xingqiu in Uyuu Restaurant together with him.
 Step DescriptionAlbedo's method has successfully rescued Xingqiu and Onodera from a crisis. It's time to leave Uyuu Restaurant.
 Step DescriptionHaving resolved Xingqiu's autograph crisis, time to discuss further plans outside.
 Step DescriptionIt is time for the ships to arrive. Head for the Ritou docks.
 Step DescriptionKazuha seems to have nothing this whole time. Has he been reminded of something?
 Step DescriptionThe new tale of The Five Kasen seems to hint at needing to submerge the paper underwater. Well, might as well give it a shot.
 Step DescriptionThe newly-revealed tale of The Five Kasen might be the key to rescuing Xingqiu from his predicament. Find Albedo and discuss the matter.
 Step DescriptionThe person at the docks is Kazuha. Is he the guest for today?
 The culprit is none other than Kuronushi.
 The seal mentioned in the story...
 Well, the other stories weren't much better either...
 You seem upset, Paimon.
Akahito's Likeness: ("Won't this image bring ill luck?" Someone asked, but neither the artist nor the model thought that this was a problem.)
Akahito's Likeness: (Kazuha was the model for this picture, and it shows Akahito, his garments red in his trademark style, kneeling before the throne as he is being punished by the Shogun.)
Akahito's Likeness: (This is Akahito's likeness, as done by Albedo.)
Kaedahara Kazuha: Akahito had once belonged to the Five Kasen
Kaedahara Kazuha: Akahito was exiled for his crimes
Kaedahara Kazuha: And only four of the Five Kasen remained
Kaedahara Kazuha: And yet one of the poems he had submitted the previous year
Kaedahara Kazuha: Each poem he composed, he marked with a scarlet red seal
Kaedahara Kazuha: Hence the "Aka" in his name
Kaedahara Kazuha: Such a distinguished writer was he
Kaedahara Kazuha: Was found to be plagiarized
Kamisato Ayaka: And noticed that the plagiarized poem lacked his seal
Kamisato Ayaka: And only on the plagiarized poem
Kamisato Ayaka: And this is where the story comes to an end
Kamisato Ayaka: And witnessed Sumizome's doing
Kamisato Ayaka: Aoi no Okina passed by
Kamisato Ayaka: Did the ink run
Kamisato Ayaka: She immersed his poetry in a stream nearby
Kamisato Ayaka: Sumizome went over Akahito's poems
Kamisato Ayaka: Thus transpired the events of Suikou's poetry submission
Kamisato Ayaka: Which he then recorded in a poem
Media:vo dialog rcjeq004 hirayama 01.ogg Hirayama: Onodera, please inform Lady Yae of the changes in the event planning when you have a moment. She will surely like to hear about our new idea.
Media:vo dialog rcjeq004 hirayama 02.ogg Hirayama: You're a quick thinker, Onodera. As long as you exercise a little prudence, you'll be able to achieve great things in the future.
Media:vo dialog rcjeq004 murata 01.ogg Murata: I suppose this is all a blessing in disguise, isn't it? I'm sure readers will be thrilled to hear that the release event will also have a book signing.
Media:vo dialog rcjeq004 onodera 01.ogg Onodera: Uh, got it. Thank you very much, Mr. Hirayama.
Media:vo rcjeq004 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: It's already time for us to be at the docks. Let's go!
Media:vo rcjeq004 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: The Arrival Schedule says: "Ship stopover, one person." Does that mean we're only welcoming one guest today?
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Greetings, (Traveler) and Paimon. I heard there would be guides for the Irodori Festival, but I didn't expect it would be you two.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I was a little surprised myself when I received the invitation. But after wandering the outside world for so long, it is good to have an opportunity to return to my homeland and pay respects to my old friends.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Ah yes, you see, when I came off the boat with everyone just now, I suddenly heard light footsteps around me.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 04.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I could tell they were not footsteps of a regular passenger, but by the time I turned around, the person had already disappeared. I only heard a splash come from below the pier.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 05.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Even though I didn't manage to catch a glimpse of them, I found this strange piece of paper by my feet.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 06.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Huh, how did you know?
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 07.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Fascinating. It's almost hard to believe such things could happen.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 08.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Sure, here it is. Please, have a look.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 09.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I don't think there's anything particularly wrong with this story. I, too, was once wanted as a criminal by the Shogunate, so I'm not all that different from Akahito mentioned in this story.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 10.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Ah, by the way, you mentioned that your friend has been struggling because he's unable to sign his name quickly, right?
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 11.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: In Liyue and Inazuma, there is a saying: "that which has been stamped has also been signed." Perhaps using a seal could be a feasible solution.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 kazuha 12.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: While sailing at sea, I sometimes carve things to pass the time. If you wish to create a stamp for his seal, I might be able to help.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Look, that figure on the wharf! It looks like Kazuha!
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Hehe, we didn't expect to see you either! Returning as a guest for the Irodori Festival, no doubt!
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Kazuha, when we saw you in the distance just now, you seemed to be looking for something. What happened?
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Oh, does the paper happen to have a poem written on it?
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Last time, Aoi no Okina's poem ended with a reference to Akahito. And sure enough, this is a story about him.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: The story this time basically says that Akahito got his name from his love of red seals. However, the Shogun discovered that he had committed plagiarism, and he was soon exiled...
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Well, if Paimon were to rate today's story, it sounds pretty unfortunate!
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: But according to the story, Akahito was exiled by the shogun because of his wrongdoings. You did nothing wrong, Kazuha.
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Huh? Traveler, what are you thinking about?
Media:vo rcjeq004 2 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Wow, that's an idea! Quick, let's go tell Albedo.
Media:vo rcjeq004 3 albedo 01.ogg Albedo: Interesting... A story of The Five Kasen appears again, and with a timely solution.
Media:vo rcjeq004 3 albedo 02.ogg Albedo: A stamped seal, huh? Hmm, let me think.
Media:vo rcjeq004 3 albedo 03.ogg Albedo: Indeed, it is an efficient solution. If we use a stamp, then Xingqiu won't have to struggle with his handwriting anymore. However...
Media:vo rcjeq004 3 albedo 04.ogg Albedo: Since Xingqiu's signature has been previously revealed to the readers, it would seem insincere if he only used a stamped seal for his new books.
Media:vo rcjeq004 3 albedo 05.ogg Albedo: But, I have another idea. Using a seal is a part of it, of course. Let's go to Uyuu Restaurant now to discuss my idea with everyone.
Media:vo rcjeq004 3 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Albedo, we've figured out a way to help Xingqiu!
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 albedo 01.ogg Albedo: Mr. Hirayama, we found a solution that might just solve our dilemma.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 albedo 02.ogg Albedo: In both Liyue and Inazuma, seals are widely used as the equivalent of a signature. If we use a stamp to leave the author's seal on the books, then we could make the signature process a lot easier.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 albedo 03.ogg Albedo: Of course, a seal on its own is not enough. So, I propose that each signature consists of two parts.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 albedo 04.ogg Albedo: First, we'll use a personalized seal. We can simply carve one using Zhenyu's signature as the design.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 albedo 05.ogg Albedo: In addition, I'll also design a simple but elegant pattern that's easy for Zhenyu to write. That way, he will only need to draw a simple pattern on each book.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 albedo 06.ogg Albedo: If you think it's feasible, I would certainly be happy to design signatures for the other authors as well.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 hirayama 01.ogg Hirayama: Yes, that's it, Zhenyu! Your writing has greatly improved today, which means yesterday's intensive training was effective!
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 hirayama 02.ogg Hirayama: You just had a ten-minute break. C'mon, you can do this!
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 hirayama 03.ogg Hirayama: Hmm, let me think...
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 hirayama 04.ogg Hirayama: Alright, I think that would work! Not only does it still involve the author's own handwriting, but the result should be very beautiful as well.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 hirayama 05.ogg Hirayama: In that case, I shall contact the other two authors participating in the new release event.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 hirayama 06.ogg Hirayama: I'm sorry to have kept you busy for so long, Zhenyu. Please, take the next few days to have a good rest. We'll handle everything from here.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 hirayama 07.ogg Hirayama: The books that Zhenyu already signed can be used as special prizes in future events held by the Yae Publishing House.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 kadenokojikenzaburou 01.ogg Kadenokouji Kenzaburou: My pen name is quite complicated and isn't suitable for signing events. However, if we implement this new format, then it'll be a dream come true for me as well.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 kazuha 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Yes, and you may leave carving the stamps to me.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 murata 01.ogg Murata: No wonder Lady Yae would always send the editorial director to handle troublesome authors...
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 onodera 01.ogg Onodera: When it comes to pushing a deadline, there is no one more brutal than Mr. Hirayama.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 onodera 02.ogg Onodera: Mr. Hirayama, it suddenly occurred to me that the reason we gave up on live book signings previously was because it would take too long for the author to sign each book.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 onodera 03.ogg Onodera: But if we adopt Calx's proposed method, we might have enough time to do signatures at the live event.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 onodera 04.ogg Onodera: And if all the authors signed their books in the same fashion, then Zhenyu's signature wouldn't look out of place.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 onodera 05.ogg Onodera: Phew... we did it, the event is saved!
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Whoa, this is getting scary! It hasn't even been that long and Xingqiu's already zombified.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Great! Looks like everyone's on board with the idea.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Hehe, that's right! You're finally free, Xingqiu. Maybe you should step outside for some fresh air.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 satomi 01.ogg Satomi: It is a great honor to use a signature designed by Calx.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 xingqiu 01.ogg Xingqiu: My apologies, but I simply can't do it anymore. My hands are so sore that I can't even move them anymore... *sigh* I should've known better than to read novels during calligraphy class.
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 xingqiu 02.ogg Xingqiu: So what you mean to say is, I've been saved from this predicament?
Media:vo rcjeq004 4 xingqiu 03.ogg Xingqiu: Thanks to everyone's efforts, Onodera and I are finally free of that mess.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 albedo 01.ogg Albedo: And even though there are only two short sentences, neither of them are next to the title or centered on the page.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 albedo 02.ogg Albedo: Hmm, the position of the writing seems to indicate that there is other content written on this paper besides these two lines.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 ayaka 01.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Traveler, there you are.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 ayaka 02.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: I was just going to the festival venue to prepare the ikebana lesson, when I found a strange piece of paper on a flower stand.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 ayaka 03.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: This bard just happened to be close by at the time. He informed me that you've also found similar papers recently. As such, we came together to find you two.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 ayaka 04.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Here's the paper. Please, have a look.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Hmm, we still have some time to burn, where should we go next?
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Oh, it's Ayaka and Venti... That's an interesting combo.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Huh, all the poems we found before were roughly the same length, but this one is only two lines!
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 venti 01.ogg Venti: But the paper she found isn't quite the same as the ones we found before.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 venti 02.ogg Venti: So, shall we give it a whirl? It just so happens that there is a pond nearby.
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 xingqiu 01.ogg Xingqiu: If we take the poem literally, it reads, "Dip this paper in water, and see the truth naturally appear."
Media:vo rcjeq004 5 xingqiu 02.ogg Xingqiu: Speaking of which, I have an ancient text at home, specializing in ancient and exotic stories. It mentions a special ink that will show itself when wet, and disappear when it's dry.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 albedo 01.ogg Albedo: Yes, it appears that this is the truth that Sumizome's story is trying to convey.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 albedo 02.ogg Albedo: Although the story is saddening, I've decided on the subjects to use for Akahito and Sumizome's portraits.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 albedo 03.ogg Albedo: Kazuha, Ayaka, would you be willing to be the models for my paintings?
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 albedo 04.ogg Albedo: Yes, and now that all four stories have all been collected, the story of The Five Kasen is now fully completed.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 ayaka 01.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: You see, Paimon, in the past, when printing was not yet well-developed, handwritten text could easily become smudged in books when exposed to moisture.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 ayaka 02.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: To ensure the text lasted longer, they'd either write using a special ink or coat the paper's surface with a waterproof coating once the writing was finished.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 ayaka 03.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Such special inks are time-consuming and laborious to produce, and the waterproof coating could also prove just as difficult.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 ayaka 04.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: However, since Akahito's poetry collection was an important gift to be presented to the Shogun, surely one of those two methods was used to protect it.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 ayaka 05.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: But as for the plagiarized poems, not only would they lack Akahito's seal, but the words would also react differently when exposed to liquid.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 ayaka 06.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: I would be delighted.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 kazuha 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Yes, as would I.
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Wow, look! It's really working, more words have appeared on the paper!
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Let Paimon see what it says!
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Hmm, the story says that after Sumizome got the collection of poems from Akahito and put them into a stream of water...
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: The plagiarized words in the poem became blurry... Huh, why would that happen?
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: *gasp* Which means Akahito didn't plagiarize his work! He was set up!
Media:vo rcjeq004 6 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: There you go! The next two portraits should be ready in no time!
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 albedo 01.ogg Albedo: What he means is that the story of Kuronushi was already embedded within the four poems.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 albedo 02.ogg Albedo: However, this also brings something else to mind.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 albedo 03.ogg Albedo: The story of The Five Kasen has more or less reflected everything that has been happening around us lately.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 albedo 04.ogg Albedo: Which begs the question... Is there a Kuronushi in our world as well?
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Huh... *sigh*
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Yeah... Ever since we completed the story of The Five Kasen, there's still one thing Paimon hasn't been able to figure out.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: One of The Five Kasen is called Kuronushi, right?
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: It's just that... How could the story of The Five Kasen finish without him appearing at all?
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Huh? Not noticed what? Ugh, this is no time to be playing games, Tone-Deaf Bard!
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Huh, really?
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Which means... the one who threatened Aoi no Okina is the same person that framed Akahito!
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: What, Kuronushi!?
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Ohh, okay... Paimon is finally starting to get it now.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: A Kuronushi... In our world?
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Oh right, Kazuha! He's been pretty quiet this whole time. Let's ask him!
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 01.ogg Venti: Oh, hahaha! Have you really not noticed?
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 02.ogg Venti: That's right. The key lies in the poem that Aoi no Okina wrote after seeing Sumizome rinsing the poetry collection.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 03.ogg Venti: An average person could never understand the scene of a young girl washing Akahito's poetry collection in a stream.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 04.ogg Venti: Even Aoi no Okina couldn't figure out the meaning behind Sumizome's actions. He was simply reminiscing and thinking about his old acquaintances.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 05.ogg Venti: However, for the perpetrator who framed Akahito, it was completely obvious.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 06.ogg Venti: He was worried that if this poem was seen by the Shogun, then the Shogun could discover the truth behind the plagiarism incident. If that happened, then he'd be finished.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 07.ogg Venti: So in desperation, he threatened Aoi no Okina to make him tear out this poem.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 08.ogg Venti: That's right. Though there are only four poems, they still manage to tell the complete story of all five kasen.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 09.ogg Venti: Since the Shogun mentioned in the poems is certainly not one of The Five Kasen, the only character left is the mysterious one with an unknown identity.
Media:vo rcjeq004 7 venti 10.ogg Venti: Speaking of which, I wonder if our dear Kazuha has come up with anything.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 albedo 01.ogg Albedo: Apologies for making a wild assumption, but has the story of The Five Kasen reminded you of anything?
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 01.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Kaedehara, please forgive my assumption, but perhaps you are thinking of the Raiden Gokaden?
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 02.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: It's fine. Those of us here are all trustworthy, so there isn't any harm in it.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 03.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: However, this matter is somewhat complicated and may be difficult to explain. Let me start with the Raiden Gokaden.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 04.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: As you all know, the Yashiro Commission's primary purpose is managing ceremonial and cultural affairs, and Inazuma's art of forging swords is a very important part of our culture.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 05.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: The Raiden Gokaden were once the top five schools of the forging art in Inazuma. Although these families were swordsmiths by craft, they also held many important positions in the Yashiro Commission.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 06.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Unfortunately, of the five, only the Amenoma Art still maintains its artisan lineage. The descendants of the Isshin Art are also still alive, but the craft has been lost to time.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 07.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: The descendants of the Isshin Art are none other than the Kaedehara family.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 08.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: I heard my elder brother mention that the decline of the Raiden Gokaden happened very rapidly. In a span of a few decades, three of the families suffered various misfortunes and disappeared completely.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 09.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Later, there was speculation that all of these misfortunes stemmed from some background machinations, meaning that someone wanted to wipe out the Raiden Gokaden.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 ayaka 10.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: However, since not every family of the Raiden Gokaden came to ruin, such explanations were treated as nothing more than a conspiracy theory.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Yes, a few things did come to mind, actually. However, they were nothing more than some past incidents regarding my family.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I don't mind sharing the stories, but I'd prefer not to bring you any more trouble.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: It appears that Miss Kamisato and I were thinking of the same thing.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 04.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: But it also has much to do with the Yashiro Commission. It would be improper to speak of it here without the consent of Miss Kamisato.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 05.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Yes, but that's all part of the past now. The Isshin Art was lost with my great grandfather's generation.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 06.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: My grandfather was dissatisfied with my great-grandfather's lack of effort. When he was young, my grandfather traveled all over Teyvat to find a way to revive the family business, but it was to no avail.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 07.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: And in my generation, our last remaining family property was lost as well.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 08.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Indeed, I've also believed such ideas were just theories and rumors.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 09.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: However, I know that a major incident happened to my great-grandfather when he was young.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 10.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Not only did it affect the Kaedehara Clan, but it nearly jeopardized the Kamisato Clan's position in the Yashiro Commission as well.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 11.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: After reading the story of The Five Kasen, I can't help but feel like it's pointing me toward the truth behind that incident.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 12.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I still can't say, I need to speak with someone to verify the details. Let's meet here again at noon tomorrow.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 kazuha 13.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I will tell you everything I know then.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Hey, Kazuha! Are you okay? You've been standing in front of this blank canvas for a while... and you don't look so good.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Hey, we're all friends here, Kazuha. You can always tell us whatever's on your mind.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: The "Raiden Gokaden"? What's that?
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Whoa! We knew Kazuha came from a noble family, but we had no idea about his connection to the Yashiro Commission and sword making.
Media:vo rcjeq004 8 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: What exactly happened to your great-grandfather, Kazuha?
Portrait Canvas: (A blank canvas which will soon be used to draw a lovely picture of one of the Five Kasen.)
Shortly after, the two other authors arrive...
Soon after, Albedo completes the two portraits...
Sumizome's Likeness: ("You know, the Sumizome drawn here really looks like the Shirasagi Himegimi," so most of the guests have said. This portrait has also proved the most popular in terms of photos taken with it.)
Sumizome's Likeness: (Ayaka was the model for this picture, and it depicts Sumizome rinsing the poetry collection in water, with a little extra flair, of course.)
Sumizome's Likeness: (This is Sumizome's likeness, as done by Albedo.)
Venti: And Suikou was questioned regarding the matter
Venti: And presented the Kasen's work for the Shogun's perusal
Venti: And vaguely recalled a mysterious figure approaching while he was intoxicated
Venti: But a page from the works of Aoi no Okina had been torn out
Venti: He admitted to drinking at the tavern the night before
Venti: One Year
Venti: Suikou pleaded guilty
Venti: The poet Suikou made his way to the Tenshukashu
Xingqiu: All he knew was that
Xingqiu: He knew nothing
Xingqiu: Of this individual's true intentions
Xingqiu: That figure was none other than Aoi no Okina himself
Xingqiu: The poem had to do with an old acquaintance, Akahito
Xingqiu: This turn of events had begun with an unnamed individual
Xingqiu: To take drastic measures to retrieve a page of poetry
Xingqiu: Under whose coercion Aoi no Okina was forced
Yae Miko: Long ago, Inazuma had five legendary poets
Yae Miko: People bestowed upon them the title of The Five Kasen
You carefully dip the paper into the water...
You tell Albedo everything that happened with Kazuha...
You tell Kazuha all that's happened over the last few days...