 Anyway, we've figured this mystery out.
 Completing challenges makes us stronger, after all.
 Don't give yourself away too soon, Paimon.
 He might have been met with something frightening.
 He was influenced by the device.
 Huh. Right on the Mora, Paimon. Good work.
 Maybe it's because of some personal beef.
Paimon: Is... is that so? Paimon guesses the Fatui are actually quite complicated...
 Maybe people see different things, depending on their state of mind.
 Maybe there's some conflict between factions.
Paimon: Inside the Fatui? That's hard to imagine...
 Quest DescriptionPaimon suddenly has a mysterious feeling and suggests that you take another trip to the Golden Apple Archipelago to have a close look around...
 Sounds like how you'd taste, Paimon.
Paimon: Hey! Paimon isn't some aquacultural product!
 That sounds pretty terrible. Not my cup of tea.
Paimon: Come on, give it go! It might open a whole new culinary world to you!
 Well, solving the puzzles might award us a chest.
 Well, that's your enthusiasm explained...
Paimon: "We'll deal with it according to our orders from above." Could this be a destruction guide for the device assembled with spare parts?
Paimon: (Traveler), why don't we have another look around the Golden Apple Archipelago? Y'know, just in case we missed something.
Paimon: *cough* W—Well, y'know, looking for secrets is hungry work! Everyone knows that!
Paimon: ...Could it be that he just ran away?
Paimon: And anyway, we've recently been eating barbecue a lot to save time. Aren't you sick of that already?
Paimon: And he destroyed most of the records too. It's almost as if he was covering something up...
Paimon: And there's some luggage nearby, too. Is that Fatui gear?
Paimon: As for the device buried in the seashore, it's not all that dangerous, and it should stop working soon.
Paimon: But didn't the Fatui make these devices in the first place? Why destroy them?
Paimon: But he's still pretty irresponsible, so Paimon's gonna call him something dumb, like... "The Deserting Dumbo"!
Paimon: But the mechanism wasn't mentioned in the notes at all. What on earth is that...
Paimon: But we didn't see anything scary after activating the device. Why's that?
Paimon: But where did the Fatui soldier end up going?
Paimon: Come on, give it go! It might open a whole new culinary world to you!
Paimon: D'you think these notes were left by the Fatui?
Paimon: Feels like the Golden Apple Archipelago is pretty different from how it looked the last time. There might be loads of special secrets just waiting for us to discover 'em!
Paimon: Guess there won't be anything to eat here...
Paimon: Hey! Paimon isn't some aquacultural product!
Paimon: Hmm, for some reason, Paimon's got a feeling about this.
Paimon: Hmm... Many records are lost, and these pages are all that remain.
Paimon: If this is Fatui business, then there's gotta be some scheme afoot!
Paimon: If we can find some shells or conches, we can stew them with some fruit.
Paimon: If we leave this thing be, things might eventually get out of control.
Paimon: Inside the Fatui? That's hard to imagine...
Paimon: Is... is that so? Paimon guesses the Fatui are actually quite complicated...
Paimon: Let's do this like we always do, (Traveler), and then we can kick back and start looking for something to eat instead!
Paimon: Right? Paimon was right on the Mora...
Paimon: So is that how it is?
Paimon: Speaking of this, we've gotten through lots of challenges and puzzles, haven't we? That device seems to know us pretty well.
Paimon: That's lame.
Paimon: That's true. The whole story is actually quite simple, huh?
Paimon: That's weird, that device just appeared all of a sudden.
Paimon: The destruction process is just to "leave it in the shallows" ...Paimon thinks it means to bury it by the seashore.
Paimon: The mechanism we saw and the challenges we triggered using it were all virtual images created by the device based on our memories, then?
Paimon: These challenges are quite interesting. Paimon's kinda excited about them now, actually!
Paimon: They'll be fresh and sweet and springy...
Paimon: This place sure looks pretty normal.
Paimon: Waaait a moment. There's nothing good about this discovery!
Paimon: Wait a moment! Look over there, (Traveler).
Paimon: We should enjoy the Mirage for as long as you wish! The cooking ingredients can wait.
Paimon: Well, he was the one leaving us the records and providing helpful information...
Paimon: Well, since we don't see something like it every day, (Traveler), do you wanna try another challenge?
Paimon: Whatever the case, let's see what we can do about that device first. If you think we should, let's have a look through that Fatui gear.
Paimon: Why don't we have a look around? There might be other records nearby!
Paimon: Yeah, that's right!
Remnant Records: I: ...
Remnant Records: I: After it is cleaned up, we'll throw it in the shallows.
Remnant Records: I: Once buried in the sea sand, its energy should quickly drain out.
Remnant Records: I: The device will probably still affect nearby areas... but it should stop working after a while and make no further trouble.
Remnant Records: I: We'll deal with it according to our orders from above.
Remnant Records: I: Wow, how surprising, that something assembled with spare parts could actually be so powerful.
Remnant Records: II: ...
Remnant Records: II: I wonder what others will see here...
Remnant Records: II: Let's stay for three more days, and we'll fall back if things look bad.
Remnant Records: II: Of course, it is an interesting phenomenon, but I'm not going through the ordeal of training again.
Remnant Records: II: The device could even extract information from my memories and create more complex segments from them.
Remnant Records: II: The warnings from our superiors were warranted indeed.
Remnant Records: III: ...
Remnant Records: III: I felt like I was waking from a nightmare. I'm very agitated, and I'm losing track of things that happened recently.
Remnant Records: III: I'd better erase all records and leave, just in case.
Remnant Records: III: The place is giving me headaches. This is very strange... I'm probably under the influence of something.
Remnant Records: III: Wait, if I'm destroying the records anyway, why am I still writing this...
Remnant Records: III: What's with these records?
Remnant Records: III: Why don't I remember writing all this?