 All right, I'll let you off easy this time.
 I'm confused...
 Indeed.
 It will go on to the third process...
 It will proceed to Core Activation...
 OK, that's it. Let's go, Paimon.
 Quest DescriptionThe three processes have been successfully verified, but Bertrand still seems to have something else to ask of you...
Bertrand: *coughs* Well, I mean, it's just me and my Great Machine at the moment.
Bertrand: *sigh* You could have all of them, really, if only I wasn't in debt. Sadly, I still owe the International Trade Association a sum of Mora...
Bertrand: A relief, finally...
Bertrand: And let's say that now you've collected 10 Sunsettias with the Material Collector equipped. Well, in that case, it will consider the materials for the first process collected in full.
Bertrand: And then it will...
Bertrand: Bingo! It will enter Elemental Charge mode, which will let it collect Hydro energy. And once it finishes collecting Hydro, it will change processes again.
Bertrand: Come on, help me out here. You can have a bit of the Mora from selling toys and one of the toys for free!
Bertrand: Four! You can have four! But come on, that's as far as I can go!
Bertrand: Hah, (Traveler) and Paimon. You've arrived!
Bertrand: Heh...
Bertrand: Hehe, I'm temporarily grounded in Ritou... So I can't collect materials at the moment.
Bertrand: Hehe, and your aid is most appreciated.
Bertrand: Hmm, how should I put this?
Bertrand: I thought that was inefficient, so I made some adjustments, and now it updates the current process based on your collection progress.
Bertrand: Let's say that the first process requires 10 Sunsettias, the second needs Hydro and the third will see you defeating 2 Hydro Slimes.
Bertrand: My Toy Factory shall soon be open!
Bertrand: Of course, we're not talking about "instantaneous" levels of speed, but I would at least rate it at "rapid."
Bertrand: Previously, you'd need to come back here after each process.
Bertrand: Remember the ticket you got? Hehe, well, it can get you one free redemption...
Bertrand: So, I streamlined the Machine's processes. Now, production should take a lot less time.
Bertrand: Speaking of which, I made some improvements to the Material Collector as well.
Bertrand: Tell me about it. I pulled an all-nighter to improve it, you know? I personally call it the ultimate foolproof three-in-one...
Bertrand: Wait... How about a bigger share of the profits and two... maybe three toys?
Bertrand: Well, as long as you've already created that particular toy model, of course.
Bertrand: Yep, and all you will have to do once that happens is to defeat 2 Hydro Slimes.
Paimon: *sigh* Listen, we chose to help because you needed help, not for the Mora or toys.
Paimon: ...based on what we've collected?
Paimon: Excuse me? You mean with all the materials we collected and all the effort we put in, we only deserve a bit of the Mora and one toy?
Paimon: Huh. This Material Collector is truly amazing.
Paimon: Ooh, and then it will automatically start the process of collecting materials for the next stage!
Paimon: So it changes the process...
Paimon: That does sound a lot more convenient.
Paimon: That's preposterous! Let's get outta here, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Toy Factory?
Paimon: Why would you give this Material Collector to us, though?
Paimon: Wow, that sounds impressive.