 And how did that go?
 Core Collection...
Bertrand: Congratulations... on being wrong. If you really did go out and do that, then you'd have a part in the collapse of my fortunes.
Bertrand: The correct answer is Elemental Charge.
 It's Charge Collection...
Bertrand: Well, it would seem so... But in truth, the answer isn't "Charge Collection" but rather, "Elemental Charge." Didn't expect me to give you two wrong options, eh?
Paimon: This guy's laughter is pretty annoying...
 Oh, so it's our constitution you believe in...
 Quest DescriptionBertrand's machine seems to have finished processing the materials. One process down — now for the next...
 Quite so.
 Same here.
 Well, if the shoe fits...
Bertrand: Ah, (Traveler) and Paimon. Splendiferous timing.
Bertrand: And of course, none know the operation and workings of such devices better than we, the people of Fontaine.
Bertrand: Congratulations... on being wrong. If you really did go out and do that, then you'd have a part in the collapse of my fortunes.
Bertrand: For example, I could stand in a river while carrying the Collector to collect Hydro. If I wanted to collect Electro...
Bertrand: For safety's sake, let me just ask you this first: of the three processes, the one we have completed is "Source Material Collection."
Bertrand: Hmm... The elements within the Collector will have to be transferred into the Machine after each collection, so one production cycle will require three collection trips... This seems like a bit too much busywork.
Bertrand: How are things going with the Material Collector? Operations are smooth, I trust?
Bertrand: I believe that you have an adventurer's constitution.
Bertrand: I blame the previous, ah, explosive nature of the product on rushed preparation and a lack of helping hands to help hoover up the necessary materials. Things will be different this time!
Bertrand: I'd actually wanted to sneak over there by boat and make contact with those creatures myself, if no help came...
Bertrand: If it still explodes... Well, then my final deposit and the rest of my life will go up in smoke too.
Bertrand: Let me see if I can find some way to optimize this...
Bertrand: My one and only Great Machine has finished processing the materials you collected.
Bertrand: Now then, is the next step "Core Collection" or "Charge Collection"?
Bertrand: Really? I thought that it might be understating the device's capabilities a little, honestly.
Bertrand: So even if you don't believe in me, you can have faith in my resolution to put my life on the line for this!
Bertrand: The Collector, too, is my pride and joy. Whether it be the collection of source materials as we did before or the storage of elemental energies as it presently does, it can do them all.
Bertrand: The correct answer is Elemental Charge.
Bertrand: To be honest, coming into contact with elemental life forms is probably our best bet. During my previous travels in Inazuma, I marked out three different locations frequented by elemental beings...
Bertrand: To tell the truth, I've been having some thoughts about changing the Material Collector's name...
Bertrand: We'll most likely be able to proceed only after the elemental reactions within the Great Machine stabilize.
Bertrand: Well, I'll be counting on you once that happens.
Bertrand: Well, all in all... This Elemental Charge is essentially performed by being affected by the elements while carrying the Material Collector.
Bertrand: Well, come now, this is a machine that I created! Of course there were no issues at all! My techniques were, after all, forged in the fires of Fontaine!
Bertrand: Well, it would seem so... But in truth, the answer isn't "Charge Collection" but rather, "Elemental Charge." Didn't expect me to give you two wrong options, eh?
Bertrand: Well, now that you're here, why don't you go and try your luck in those places?
Bertrand: Well, regardless, we need to begin on the next step of our work.
Bertrand: Well, whatever the case, pass me the Material Collector. Just as before, the trial production run will require some observation, especially with regard to the use of elemental energy.
Bertrand: Well, you know, you *are* adventurers...
Bertrand: Yes, indeed, I believe I shall leave this to you!
Paimon: Bertrand!
Paimon: Eh, Paimon thinks it's fine the way it is.
Paimon: Pyro, Hydro, Electro, looks like we've got 'em all! Let's head back to Bertrand's and pass the Collector to him.
Paimon: So you say...
Paimon: That's way too risky...
Paimon: This guy's laughter is pretty annoying...
Paimon: This should be enough Pyro for now... On to the next!
Paimon: Well, looks like we've got enough Hydro. Paimon thinks this process of collecting elemental energy is kinda weird, though.
Paimon: Y'know, Paimon never thought that this toymaking thingamajig was supposed to require that much resolve...
Paimon: You'd need to be struck by lightning?