 All hail technology!
Hosseini: Well, not exactly, I think. I would much prefer hailing the knowledge that our predecessors left behind for us to use.
 Exactly as planned.
 Got it.
 Quest DescriptionThe calibration work on Pursina's Spikes went quite smooth indeed. Now it's time to see them in action.
 Seems complicated.
 Thank you for your help.
Hosseini: No, no, don't thank me, thank those who came before us and the wisdom that they left behind.
Hosseini: ...Hah, look how far I've gone on this tangent. Guess I was too excited at having been able to repair these Pursina's Spikes.
Hosseini: According to Inazuma's local laws, people who lack Residence Permits like myself cannot move about freely. As such, this task is up to you, Traveler.
Hosseini: All we have done up till now relies on such guiding knowledge, and it is knowledge that is the most valuable resource in the world.
Hosseini: As long as we can activate the Spikes fully, that machine should be unable to initiate its self-repair protocols.
Hosseini: As long as we place the Spikes in locations that our anomalous model frequents, we should be able to control its power supply.
Hosseini: Good, good, that's good. I only hope that it wont break down later, either.
Hosseini: How'd it go? Did the Spikes function as expected?
Hosseini: I have faith in your abilities.
Hosseini: I think we can afford to be a bit more careful for you safety's sake.
Hosseini: I'm afraid that I shan't be able to help you with that.
Hosseini: If we did not have that knowledge as our guide, we wouldn't have been able to come up with a way to take that anomalous Ruin Grader down.
Hosseini: It's normal to not comprehend this. After all, you have not yet been edified by the supreme wisdom.
Hosseini: No, no, don't thank me, thank those who came before us and the wisdom that they left behind.
Hosseini: Now, I can call myself reasonably confident that they will perform as expected.
Hosseini: Thank you. I suggest that you not act immediately after placing the spikes. Instead, quickly check to see if everything is functioning normally, and then check back with me.
Hosseini: Thanks to the trial data you gathered, the final calibrations to our Pursina's Spikes has been completed.
Hosseini: This time you should be able to defeat it for good, so have at it!
Hosseini: Well then. All we need is for the anomalous Ruin Grader to near the Spikes when we activate them, and it should become cut off from its power supply.
Hosseini: Well, not exactly, I think. I would much prefer hailing the knowledge that our predecessors left behind for us to use.
Hosseini: Well, now comes the final phase of our preparations. And by that, I mean that we should place these Spikes on Tsurumi Island.
Paimon: Strange, it isn't here anymore, though. Did it wander off?
Paimon: That should do it. They look like they're functioning just fine. Let's get back and tell Hosseini what happened before that big guy gets back.
Paimon: We should be done here. We've still got two Spikes though. Might as well plant them together.
Paimon: Well, let's take this opportunity to place those Spikes nicely, shall we?