 And as for Bubu Pharmacy's business?
 Don't wait until your health is ruined.
 Got it.
 Here it is.
 Here's some medicine from Herbalist Gui...
 I can help.
 I don't think any of them learned their lesson...
 Isn't there anyone else who can help?
Herbalist Gui: Well... No one else at the pharmacy is free at the moment...
 Make sure to take care of yourself.
 No indigestion for you?
 Quest DescriptionBubu Pharmacy's Herbalist Gui is racking his brains about something...
 So, what about Xiao Lanterns...
 Well, that explains it...
 What did you eat?
 Where are Baizhu and Qiqi?
Herbalist Gui: Qiqi went out to gather some herbs and still isn't back yet... It's highly possible that she might have gotten lost somewhere due to her poor memory again...
Herbalist Gui: As for Dr. Baizhu, I think he's probably doing some medical research or something else of that nature. Either way, it's not my place to ask.
 Why does that happen...
 You shouldn't overindulge, even during a festival.
 You're an honest man.
 You're likely to hear from them again soon...
 You've got a good heart, Gui.
Guanhai: Ahh, I feel better already. Must've caught a chill last night from the sea breeze, I'll wager.
Guanhai: Ahh, that's much better... Now, what should I eat later, I wonder?
Guanhai: Alright, enough about that. I'd better finish this medicine real quick — I've got a drinking session to get to.
Guanhai: Even now, not one of my friends can match my prowess at eating and drinking.
Guanhai: Hah, indigestion? Me? I'll have you know that I have an iron stomach — why, I ate three grilled fish in one sitting for my last meal!
Guanhai: Hahaha, oh, don't worry about me. I'm not some old fogey!
Guanhai: Ow, ow, ow... It hurts... Excuse me? D—Did you want something?
Guanhai: Still, thanks for the concern. I'll be careful.
Guanhai: Wow, thanks! Just what I ordered... Fast turnaround time, I must say.
Herbalist Gui: ...Oh no! I've suddenly remembered! There's still a customer I haven't delivered medicine to...
Herbalist Gui: Ah, it's you. Have you finished that Xiao Lantern?
Herbalist Gui: Ah, you're here. I've already written my wish on the lantern.
Herbalist Gui: As for Dr. Baizhu, I think he's probably doing some medical research or something else of that nature. Either way, it's not my place to ask.
Herbalist Gui: As for my wish... I ultimately wished for everyone in Liyue to be healthy and well.
Herbalist Gui: But I haven't made much headway in constructing a Xiao Lantern. These last few days have been much too busy...
Herbalist Gui: But I suppose that I can rest easy for now, at least...
Herbalist Gui: During the Lantern Rite, everyone puts their work aside to spend time with their families. Of course, there will be all manner of banquets, with fine food and drink flowing all around...
Herbalist Gui: Heh... Well, on a more personal level, of course I'd love to join in. I mean, it is a festival...
Herbalist Gui: I can only steal a few moments during my breaks to work on it, and even then I'm sure the Lantern Rite will be over by the time I finish...
Herbalist Gui: I put prescriptions together because I do not wish for people to be tormented by illness.
Herbalist Gui: I wonder if we have enough herbs left...
Herbalist Gui: I'm always encouraging people to not eat too much, but during a food-driven festival like this, my advice tends to fall on deaf ears.
Herbalist Gui: I'm sorry to trouble you during this festive time, Traveler, but we're a little in over our heads at the moment. The number of people requiring medicine from Bubu Pharmacy always peaks during the Lantern Rite period.
Herbalist Gui: I'm sorry — I have to go! Happy Lantern Rite!
Herbalist Gui: In that case, we'll release this lantern later at night. I know a good spot.
Herbalist Gui: In the meantime, I need to think of what I should wish for...
Herbalist Gui: Just now, a few more customers contacted me, asking if I could bring them some medicine for indigestion and other stomach problems. But I can't simply stop manning the pharmacy...
Herbalist Gui: Not to mention that I'd be less busy if everyone remained healthy! That'd be a good thing, in my books...
Herbalist Gui: Oh... We don't generally release lanterns. The whole point of Xiao Lanterns is to make a wish, right? Well... What sort of wish would Bubu Pharmacy even make?
Herbalist Gui: Other businesses may wish for their business to thrive and boom, but a pharmacy is in the business of curing disease and saving lives... we can't exactly wish for more sick people, can we?
Herbalist Gui: Qiqi went out to gather some herbs and still isn't back yet... It's highly possible that she might have gotten lost somewhere due to her poor memory again...
Herbalist Gui: So I'm afraid it's all up to you for now, Traveler...
Herbalist Gui: Suddenly, everyone's got indigestion, or else they're coming down with some malady or other...
Herbalist Gui: Thank you ever so much.
(Give the Xiao Lantern)
Herbalist Gui: Thank you. Here's the medicine. Please get them to Guanhai and Zhihua as quickly as you can.
(Obtain Herbalist Gui's Medicine ×2)
Herbalist Gui: Thanks for your help. Have all the medicines been delivered?
Herbalist Gui: There's an old saying that sums this up nicely: "Dusty old medicine sat on the shelf, a small price to pay for a world of good health."
Herbalist Gui: This is good timing... Let's release this lantern.
Herbalist Gui: This lantern is both well-shaped and sturdy. Heh, my craftmanship pales in comparison to yours...
Herbalist Gui: Traveler, if it's alright with you, could you help me deliver some medicine?
Herbalist Gui: Well, there's not much we can do about that. Stomach problems won't go away unless you watch your lifestyle. The best we can do is treat the symptoms whenever they show up.
Herbalist Gui: Well, this was my personal wish, after all.
Herbalist Gui: Well... No one else at the pharmacy is free at the moment...
Herbalist Gui: What should I wish for...
Herbalist Gui: W—Will you really? Wow, thank you so much!
Zhihua: Argh, I need to take a breather...
Zhihua: Hmm, fried rice, raw fish, some fruit, lots and lots of shrimp... Ah yes, and some excellent wine!
Zhihua: I was just strolling through the city streets, having a bite to eat here and there, and before I knew it, I'd overeaten ...
Zhihua: Oh, thank you. This is that stomach medicine I asked him for, isn't it? I think I might be getting indigestion... my stomach's feeling mighty terrible right now.
Zhihua: Thanks for bringing the medicine, either way. I should probably take this opportunity to rest as well.
Zhihua: Ugh, I must've eaten something that didn't agree with me...
Zhihua: Well, that's what medicine is for, isn't it? Think about it — what's the point of a festival if you can't eat whatever you like?