 Ah, so that's the task...
 Ah, so you need taste-testers.
 I suspect that those are things only she says...
 Nobody from Sumeru we've met before has said anything remotely like that...
 Quest DescriptionA person from Sumeru has arrived at the wharfs of Liyue Harbor. She seems to be in a bit of a fix...
 So what do you need our help with, actually?
 Well, that certainly explains your enthusiasm...
 Who are the Eremites?
 Yes, I'm (Traveler), at your service.
 You didn't take much convincing.
Nazafarin: After "grieving to the point of neither eating nor drinking," I finally realized what it was that I could do!
Nazafarin: Ah, Kusanali be praised! Bless both your good hearts! I will continue to dream up recipes in the meantime, and shall tell you once I have finalized them.
Nazafarin: Ah, this is indeed what they call... Uh, what do they call it again? "A blanket on a cold day?" "A gift of charcoal in the rain?"
Nazafarin: Ah, what a bright one you are, and to the point, too! In truth, I, Nazafarin, am facing the greatest crisis of my existence, O great heroes!
Nazafarin: Ah, yes! So I came up with an idea.
Nazafarin: Ah, yes, thank you for the reminder. Liyue's aphorisms really are hard to use. I need to study them more.
Nazafarin: And what a pleasure it is to meet you both! I'm Nazafarin!
Nazafarin: As you know, practical studies are a very important aspect of doing research. This is as much as I can do for my most busy friend.
Nazafarin: But she has been incredibly busy with work, what with her traveling and doing research at the same time. And I, her friend, could do little from the sidelines in Sumeru...
Nazafarin: Essentially, I could follow Parvaneh's train of thought to create some seasoning recipes before adding them to dishes and asking people what they think of them.
Nazafarin: I am certain that happiness may be found through especially delicious food.
Nazafarin: I believe that the feedback that people will give regarding these seasonings shall help Parvaneh to create the seasoning of her dreams!
Nazafarin: I mean to help Parvaneh conduct a market study and send her the data that we obtain from it.
Nazafarin: I shudder even to think about it... Let us amble back to our previous topic, please.
Nazafarin: In truth... though I, Nazafarin, have indeed thought of the seasoning, I know not a soul here in Liyue.
Nazafarin: Kusanali be blessed. Are you two the great heroes who have come to rescue poor Nazafarin?
Nazafarin: No, no. Blessed Kusanali above, don't you worry. Leave the pondering about the recipe to me, the one from Sumeru.
Nazafarin: Nor am I some manner of professional adventurer who can gather my own ingredients. It shall be too difficult — oh yes, as difficult as it would be for a rookie wet behind the ears to enter the Eremites' headquarters by themselves...
Nazafarin: Now then, Nazafarin would like the good Paimon and (Traveler) to help gather ingredients according to the recipes and create said seasonings!
Nazafarin: Oh, by Lesser Lord Kusanali, I have indeed met with disaster!
Nazafarin: Please, take this pot that I had specially made by an artisan in Sumeru. I am certain that the seasonings we make shall bring happiness to all!
Nazafarin: She went on a trip overseas just so she might be able to create that seasoning...
Nazafarin: So I decided that I must help her somehow! I've given the matter some thought based on the direction of the conversations we had beforehand. I was so grieved that I did not eat or drink...
Nazafarin: So here's what happened: I have a very ambitious friend named Parvaneh. She once told me that she would manufacture a seasoning that would bring happiness to all people.
Nazafarin: So, yes, thank you so much! You two are indeed the great saviors of poor Nazafarin, yes, indeed!
Nazafarin: Still, Parvaneh said that this seasoning would make any dish especially delicious!
Nazafarin: That's why I've come to Liyue, famous as it is for gourmet food! It is said that the people here truly love food. I'm sure they'll give me just the inspiration I need!
Nazafarin: Then we shall add them to food, bring said dishes before people you know, and record their feedback for later perusal.
Nazafarin: They are an organization of warriors-for-hire in Sumeru. They are true soldiers of fortune who will do anything for money. There are some among them who even use bizarre yet formidable powers.
Nazafarin: Um, Nazafarin isn't sure either.
Nazafarin: We are most adept at seasoning our food. In fact, I have already come up with something in the time we were talking.
Nazafarin: While I don't think that the seasoning recipes that I've come up with are what she's looking for, necessarily...
Nazafarin: Yes, that's right. Indeed, you are a gift of charcoal amidst the snow.
Paimon: Aaaand what time is it, Traveler? It's "Help O'Clock!" Let's go over and have a look!
Paimon: Come on, let's get back on topic. What did you think of?
Paimon: Eh? How's a seasoning supposed to do that?
Paimon: Hehehe... Come on, come on! Let's get a move on!
Paimon: Hello there. Is something wrong?
Paimon: Huh, there's someone looking all troubled over there.
Paimon: It's fine, you've mentioned your name before... Anyway, what trouble are you in?
Paimon: Just Paimon will do, thanks! And this is (Traveler).
Paimon: Ooh! So that's how it would work!
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon gets it! C'mon, you could have just said so. Alrighty then, we've got your back, easy! We know tons of people!
Paimon: So, uh, have you figured out what seasonings you wanna use yet? Or do you need us to help with that, too?
Paimon: That's true. Also, pretty sure rain's not a good time for charcoal. "A gift of charcoal in the snow," maybe?
Paimon: Uh, "grieved" might not be the right word to use here.
Paimon: Um, are those things that people from Sumeru say, or what?
Paimon: Um, sure? You're welcome?
Paimon: Well, never mind that for now. So, you're called Nazafarin, right? Well, then, Nazafarin, what can we do to help you?
Paimon: Woohoo! Let's go, (Traveler)! Paimon volunteers as taste tester number one, by the way!