
 Lavender Melon?
Mamesuke: Lavender Melon, purple, tasty!
Paimon: It's probably a melon from Inazuma.
 Are Lavender Melons a special type of Sunsettia?
Mamesuke: What is... Sunsettia?
Paimon: Lavender Melons are Lavender Melons! They're not the same!
Paimon: This isn't a Lavender Melon, it's a Sunsettia!

 Maybe it has something to do with soil and climate.
Paimon: Paimon's heard that storms are ever-present in Inazuma!
 Maybe it has something to do with Archon preferences.
Paimon: Oh... Is the Electro Archon a god who likes Lavender Melons? It's hard to imagine that...

 Maybe it has something to do with soil and climate.
Paimon: Yeah, it's thundering all day over there in Inazuma...
 Maybe it has something to do with Archon preferences.
Paimon: Would Ei enjoy a Lavender Melon? It's pretty hard to imagine that happening...

(If the Anemo Amber was not broken)
Shibasuke: Yellow Fur kapow! Fly high, can't learn... Mm...
Paimon: You can't? Oh well, but this still counts as a way to enter a wind current...

Mamesuke: Look! Not purple Lavender Melons! We want, but kapow!
Paimon: Oh, it's just a wind barrier! Hehe! We've seen many of these in our adventures across Mondstadt, haven't we, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Speaking of wind barriers, why do they vanish once the thing inside them is taken, anyway?
 Well, the thing they're protecting is gone, so...
Paimon: ...That sounds kinda sad.
Shibasuke: White Fur can fly. White Fur get it?
Paimon: Oh yeah... Wait! You know, you should learn to stop relying on others and solve problems by yourself.
Mamesuke: Mmmm...
 It seems a little too difficult for a beginner.
Paimon: Is that so? Hmph! Then experienced adventurers like (Traveler) and Paimon will have to teach you some lessons!
Paimon: There's Anemo Amber here, which is perfect. It'll create a wind current once destroyed. C'mon, (Traveler), show them how it's done!
 
(Talk to Mamesuke again)
Mamesuke: Anemo Amber... Mm?
 
(Talk to Shibasuke again)
Shibasuke: White Fur fly, White Fur kapow?
 
(After destroying the Anemo Amber)
Paimon: Ah! The current vanished so quickly... Well, not that there's no other way to do this...
Shibasuke: White Fur no fear!
Paimon: Wow! Shibasuke said that transformation isn't easy, so Paimon thought he wouldn't be good at it.
Mamesuke: Shibasuke amazing! Transform into many things! But not when afraid!
Paimon: Ooh, so that's how it is! Alright then, (Traveler), let's get those Sunsettias for Mamesuke and Shibasuke!
 
(Talk to Mamesuke again)
Mamesuke: Anemo Amber, Shibasuke transform... Shibasuke Amber! Hehe!

Paimon: Alright! Let's go now!
(Go to Ending)

Paimon: But the situation here on the islands isn't very clear! Let's head back once we've resolved everything!
(Go to Pause)

Paimon: Eh? But Paimon's heard that bake-danuki who can transform into things like barrels and lamps can be seen all over Inazuma.

Paimon: Eh? But bake-danuki who can transform into things like barrels and lamps can be seen all over Inazuma.

Paimon: It's a Sunsettia. Actually, both of them grow on Cuihua Wood, but the fruit varies according to the location!
(If the player has not completed Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest)[verification needed]

 Maybe it has something to do with soil and climate.
Paimon: Paimon's heard that storms are ever-present in Inazuma!
 Maybe it has something to do with Archon preferences.
Paimon: Oh... Is the Electro Archon a god who likes Lavender Melons? It's hard to imagine that...
(If the player has completed Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest)[verification needed]

 Maybe it has something to do with soil and climate.
Paimon: Yeah, it's thundering all day over there in Inazuma...
 Maybe it has something to do with Archon preferences.
Paimon: Would Ei enjoy a Lavender Melon? It's pretty hard to imagine that happening...
 
 ...Is green like the wind.
 A bake-danuki?
 A little vigilance never hurts when you're out of doors.
 Are Lavender Melons a special type of Sunsettia?
Mamesuke: What is... Sunsettia?
Paimon: Lavender Melons are Lavender Melons! They're not the same!
 Dirty~
 Guess you've gotta work harder too, Paimon.
 I kinda wish you could transform too, Paimon...
 It might be a Pyro Whopperflower.
 It seems a little too difficult for a beginner.
 It's a leaf from the Mondstadt-styled mountain...
 It's because we've left the islands...
 Lavender Melon?
Mamesuke: Lavender Melon, purple, tasty!
Paimon: It's probably a melon from Inazuma.
 Like Paimon.
Paimon: Paimon isn't that heavy!
 Like a Meteorite.
Paimon: Meteorites are really handy!
 Luckily, it didn't activate a challenge.
 Maybe it has something to do with Archon preferences.
Paimon: Oh... Is the Electro Archon a god who likes Lavender Melons? It's hard to imagine that...
 Maybe it has something to do with Archon preferences.
Paimon: Would Ei enjoy a Lavender Melon? It's pretty hard to imagine that happening...
 Maybe it has something to do with soil and climate.
Paimon: Paimon's heard that storms are ever-present in Inazuma!
 Maybe it has something to do with soil and climate.
Paimon: Yeah, it's thundering all day over there in Inazuma...
 Maybe it's a Dendro Slime on fire.
 Maybe we can switch to the mountain style of Liyue.
 Ooh, bravo. Bye-mon bravo.
 Quest DescriptionA bake-danuki seems to be looking for help on Pudding Isle...
 Shibasuke might be on the Mondstadt-styled mountain.
 So you got separated from Shibasuke. Is that it?
 Step DescriptionThe anomalies on the island have yet to stop. Once the problem is solved, send the bake-danuki off on their new journey.
 Step DescriptionThe troubles have all been seen to. It is time for the bake-danuki to set out on a new journey.
 That sounds mighty like the Fatui.
 There are Geovishaps there that inflict excruciating pain when they hit you.
 There are Jueyun Chilis there that make you spew flames.
 These islands have always been really unusual.
Paimon: Yeah... It's almost like nothing strange is strange here!
 They can't speak anymore...
 We can take them with us when we leave.
 We can't understand them anymore...
 Well, guess we'll have to take responsibility and help Mamesuke search.
 Well, the thing they're protecting is gone, so...
 What do you mean "we"? All I hear are bake-danuki noises.
Paimon: Huh? Has some strange ability awakened within Paimon? Is Paimon the Tanuki Whisperer now? ... Nah, that can't be it!
 Yeah, we just need another mountain kaboom.
Mamesuke: ...Huh?
Mamesuke: ...The Fatty?
Mamesuke: Anemo Amber, Shibasuke transform... Shibasuke Amber! Hehe!
Mamesuke: Anemo Amber... Mm?
Mamesuke: Big cold person.
Mamesuke: Bye... mon...?
Mamesuke: Eek! Yellow Fur and... Flying White Fur?
Mamesuke: Flame grass so hot.
Mamesuke: Fun! Very red, very yellow!
Mamesuke: Kaboooom~
Mamesuke: Lavender Melon, White Fur like?
Mamesuke: Lavender Melon, purple, tasty!
Mamesuke: Leave ship and wait in cave. Fatty leave.
Mamesuke: Liyue fun?
Mamesuke: Look! Not purple Lavender Melons! We want, but kapow!
Mamesuke: Lots of wind on fists.
Mamesuke: Mamesuke lead way! Come!
Mamesuke: Mm!
Mamesuke: Mm! Mamesuke go too!
Mamesuke: Mm! Mamesuke help!
Mamesuke: Mm! Not Mondstadt and Liyue with island and mountain.
Mamesuke: Mm! Shibasuke!
Mamesuke: Mm! Smart Yellow Fur! Mamesuke grateful!
Mamesuke: Mm! Thanks Yellow Fur, White Fur!
Mamesuke: Mm, Shibasuke help!
Mamesuke: Mm... Lavender Melon?
Mamesuke: Mm... Shibasuke can't find...
Mamesuke: Mm... Shibasuke...
Mamesuke: Mm?
Mamesuke: Mmm... Dumb White Fur...
Mamesuke: Mmm... Hydro Amber?
Mamesuke: Mmmm...
Mamesuke: Mondstadt fun, but...
Mamesuke: Mountain kaboom!
Mamesuke: Mountain kaboom! ...Shibasuke?
Mamesuke: Paimora?
Mamesuke: Playing with Shibasuke on unfamiliar boat.
Mamesuke: Shibarock, Shibarock! Mm-hehe!
Mamesuke: Shibasuke amazing! Transform into many things! But not when afraid!
Mamesuke: Shibasuke find way home, mountain kaboom!
Mamesuke: Shibasuke?
Mamesuke: Sleepy... Woke up! Lots of people!
Mamesuke: So much green! Wind so soft! Yey!
Mamesuke: So strong!
Mamesuke: What is... Sunsettia?
Mamesuke: White Fur smart!
Mamesuke: White Fur, look! Strange plate!
Mamesuke: Woohoo! Mondstadt!
Mamesuke: Wow! Let's go!
Mamesuke: Wow! Not purple Lavender Melon!
Mamesuke: Wow! Very fun!
Mamesuke: Yey!
Mamesuke: Yey! Box!
Mamesuke: Yey! Wait moment!
Paimon: (Traveler)! You too!?
Paimon: (Traveler), let's help Mamesuke and Shibasuke pick the Flaming Flower...
Paimon: ...Shibasuke is pushing its luck...
Paimon: ...That sounds kinda sad.
Paimon: Ah! The current vanished so quickly... Well, not that there's no other way to do this...
Paimon: Ah, that's a Ruin Guard! Paimon doesn't think Mamesuke and Shibasuke can handle that!
Paimon: Ah? You want to go to the real Mondstadt and Liyue instead of returning to Inazuma?
Paimon: Alright! Let's go now!
Paimon: Alright, alright. Have you two had enough fun now? Want to return to Inazuma yet?
Paimon: Anyway, how did you get here, Mamesuke?
Paimon: Argh! He's so infuriating! He would be bake-danuki paste now if it wasn't for us!
Paimon: Aw, Shibasuke, so you did all this to help us out...
Paimon: But the bake-danuki of Inazuma should be skilled at transforming. Shibasuke could've transformed into a butterfly or something and flown away just now, right?
Paimon: But the situation here on the islands isn't very clear! Let's head back once we've resolved everything!
Paimon: But they look like they'll be fine...
Paimon: C'mon, Paimon has always been really reliable!
Paimon: Do you mean that you want to play somewhere else? Uh... (Traveler), what should we do?
Paimon: Eh!?
Paimon: Eh-he.
Paimon: Eh? But I remember Mamesuke mentioning that Shibasuke can't transform when afraid...
Paimon: Eh? But Paimon's heard that bake-danuki who can transform into things like barrels and lamps can be seen all over Inazuma.
Paimon: Eh? But bake-danuki who can transform into things like barrels and lamps can be seen all over Inazuma.
Paimon: Eh? But how will you get back to Inazuma? The Fatui ship? Paimon doesn't reckon you can go back the same way you came.
Paimon: Eh? Come on, Paimon's super friendly-looking.
Paimon: Eh? Did that bake-danuki speak?
Paimon: Eh? Does this mean...
Paimon: Eh? Is that Shibasuke? It looks just like Mamesuke...
Paimon: Eh? Isn't that Mamesuke? What's Mamesuke doing here?
Paimon: Eh? We've got Slimes dropping from the skies!
Paimon: Eh? What are you talking about?
Paimon: Eh? What strange sound? Paimon didn't hear anything... Ah!
Paimon: Eh? What's a bake-danuki doing on this island?
(If the player has not completed Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest)[verification needed]
 A bake-danuki?
Paimon: Oh, (Traveler), you've never seen one before? They're called bake-danuki!
Paimon: It is said that they enjoy disguising themselves and pulling pranks on people in Inazuma's forests.
Paimon: Eh? What's that?
Paimon: Even if it did, it would be really fun with Mamesuke and Shibasuke here to help!
Paimon: Flaming grass... Oh, you mean Flaming Flowers!
Paimon: Furry grass? You mean the Dandelions?
Paimon: Gah, Shibasuke is so suspicious of everything.
Paimon: Gah, these two are so impatient. Let's follow them!
Paimon: Hearing that from Shibasuke feels so strange... But are they gonna be alright?
Paimon: Hehe! You're lucky we arrived in time, eh, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hehe, (Traveler) and Paimon started our adventure in Mondstadt, and we've made so many unforgettable memories along the way...
Paimon: Hehe, Mamesuke and Shibasuke are so reliable now!
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon knew it was a Flaming Flower.
Paimon: Hehe, Shibasuke's amazing too.
Paimon: Hey! Cheer up! We may not have found Shibasuke, but we've found a clue! Right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hey! Mamesuke! We brought Shibasuke back!
Paimon: Hey! Stop that! Who would want to go there after hearing that!?
Paimon: Hmm, that is possible... Let's go take a look!
Paimon: Hmm... How should we explain this... They look almost the same, but one creates a wind current, and the other creates rain.
Paimon: Hmm... So we'll come back a little later, then?
Paimon: Hmm... We can't leave you alone here, Mamesuke, so come with us!
Paimon: Hmm... You're Shibasuke, right? Stop trying to get rid of us, Mamesuke sent us to find you.
Paimon: Hmph, Paimon's got this one! It says its name is Mamesuke!
Paimon: How is it different?
Paimon: Huh, where did they go? Did they... turn into those elemental ambers?
Paimon: Huh? Has some strange ability awakened within Paimon? Is Paimon the Tanuki Whisperer now? ... Nah, that can't be it!
Paimon: Is it just like last time?
Paimon: Is that so? Hmph! Then experienced adventurers like (Traveler) and Paimon will have to teach you some lessons!
Paimon: It feels like waking up from a dream...
Paimon: It is said that they enjoy disguising themselves and pulling pranks on people in Inazuma's forests.
Paimon: It should be safe now. Give the Flaming Flower Stamen to Mamesuke and Shibasuke!
Paimon: It should be safe to set it free now.
Paimon: It's a Sunsettia. Actually, both of them grow on Cuihua Wood, but the fruit varies according to the location!
Paimon: It's a leaf that contains the power of Anemo. Huh, speaking of those...
Paimon: It's probably a melon from Inazuma.
Paimon: Later?
Paimon: Lavender Melons are Lavender Melons! They're not the same!
Paimon: Lavender Melons are too light!
Paimon: Let's head up the mountain to look for Shibasuke. Wait for us here, Mamesuke!
Paimon: Let's just get rid of those slimes first...
Paimon: Let's not switch the mountains for now. We'll have a headache if those bake-danuki get separated again.
Paimon: Look, (Traveler)! Seems like there's a bake-danuki trapped here in a cage!
Paimon: Looks like Shibasuke isn't willing to talk anymore... Let's just take him back to Mamesuke!
Paimon: Mamesuke is still in the mountains! If we switch the mountain styles now, finding Shibasuke will be the least of our problems! Even Mamesuke might get lost!
Paimon: Mamesuke! Shibasuke! We can go to Mondstadt now!
Paimon: Meteorites are really handy!
Paimon: Mondstadt seems like the better choice for our first destination... Let's go to Windrise! The terrain is more even, and it's close to the city.
Paimon: Mountain kaboom? Oh! Is he referring to the mountains switching...
Paimon: Not Paimora! Pai... mon...!
Paimon: Of course! (He's/She's) the famous (Traveler)!
Paimon: Of course! Come with us. Mamesuke is waiting for you!
Paimon: Of course! Paimon and (Traveler) have learned a lot in our adventures.
Paimon: Oh brother, Paimon doesn't think they've even considered that. (Traveler), we can take them back to Inazuma, right?
Paimon: Oh yeah... Wait! You know, you should learn to stop relying on others and solve problems by yourself.
Paimon: Oh, (Traveler), you've never seen one before? They're called bake-danuki!
Paimon: Oh, it's just a wind barrier! Hehe! We've seen many of these in our adventures across Mondstadt, haven't we, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Oh, that! It's a mechanism activated by weight! Actually, there are some in Inazuma, too.
Paimon: Oh... Is the Electro Archon a god who likes Lavender Melons? It's hard to imagine that...
Paimon: Oh... Then let's do another mountain kaboom!
Paimon: Ooh! It's Mamesuke and Shibasuke!
Paimon: Ooh, so that's how it is! Alright then, (Traveler), let's get those Sunsettias for Mamesuke and Shibasuke!
Paimon: Paimon can't do that!
Paimon: Paimon doesn't know how much of Mondstadt's charm they'll be able to experience on these islands, but making them Mondstadt-styled islands is probably the best we can do.
Paimon: Paimon hopes Mamesuke and Shibasuke will be able to create many happy memories in Mondstadt, just like (Traveler) and Paimon did...
Paimon: Paimon isn't that heavy!
Paimon: Paimon's heard that storms are ever-present in Inazuma!
Paimon: Pyro Slimes are much more dangerous than Flaming Flowers because they explode. But just like Flaming Flowers, extinguishing them solves all your problems!
Paimon: Right! Mamesuke, Shibasuke! Would you like to see the scenery in Liyue?
Paimon: Shibasuke is really quick on his feet! (Traveler), since Shibasuke is here to help, why don't we unlock this mechanism?
Paimon: So Shibasuke didn't really trust us until now...
Paimon: So the Anemo Amber and Hydro Amber that appeared earlier... Were they Mamesuke and Shibasuke trying to help us out?
Paimon: Speaking of which, we should be able to bring Mamesuke and Shibasuke to Mondstadt now. Let's go look for them!
Paimon: Speaking of wind barriers, why do they vanish once the thing inside them is taken, anyway?
Paimon: Switch to Liyue-style mountains!
Paimon: That's "Paimon" to you, not "Flying White Fur" or anything!
Paimon: That's right! It's just some Ruin Guard. No match for us at all! This isn't the time to run away, (Traveler)!
Paimon: There are hilichurls about as well. Let's help!
Paimon: There's Anemo Amber here, which is perfect. It'll create a wind current once destroyed. C'mon, (Traveler), show them how it's done!
Paimon: There's a trick to picking Flaming Flowers! You have to extinguish them first to pick them safely.
Paimon: They both look the same, so why is Shibasuke so stubborn...
Paimon: They look like they're having a lot of fun here in the Liyue-styled mountains!
Paimon: This isn't a Lavender Melon, it's a Sunsettia!
Paimon: Ugh, forget it... Wait! Why are we suddenly able to understand bake-danuki?
Paimon: Ugh... Paimon's getting confused. You mean you're Shibasuke, and you're searching for something?
Paimon: Uh! Paimon's just touched!
Paimon: Uh... Paimon's never tried it, but it probably won't work...
Paimon: Uh... Something heavy! Like...
Paimon: Uh... What do we do... What do you think, (Traveler)?
Paimon: We should be able to find Shibasuke if we switch the mountains to resemble Mondstadt's.
Paimon: We're back!
Paimon: Well, since we've found a clue, let's head back to Mamesuke!
Paimon: Well, this is Mondstadt. What do you think? The scenery is pretty nice, right?
Paimon: Well... We haven't found Shibasuke yet...
Paimon: What do we do, (Traveler)? Are we responsible for Shibasuke going missing?
Paimon: Whew... They're so fast...
Paimon: Whew... that was difficult. We should have asked Mamesuke for proof.
Paimon: Woohoo! A chest!
Paimon: Would Ei enjoy a Lavender Melon? It's pretty hard to imagine that happening...
Paimon: Wow! Shibasuke said that transformation isn't easy, so Paimon thought he wouldn't be good at it.
Paimon: Wow! Shibasuke transformed into a Hydro Amber!
Paimon: Yeah, Shibasuke can take care of itself now, so they should be fine! Happy adventuring!
Paimon: Yeah, but how? ... Oh, Paimon knows what to do! Let's look for clues with your Elemental Sight!
Paimon: Yeah, but now a leaf covered in Anemo has found its way to an Inazuma-styled mountain, and Shibasuke is missing. That means...
Paimon: Yeah, if Inazuma is purple like lightning, then Mondstadt...
Paimon: Yeah, it's thundering all day over there in Inazuma...
Paimon: Yeah... It's almost like nothing strange is strange here!
Paimon: You can't? Oh well, but this still counts as a way to enter a wind current...
Paimon: You seem like you're having fun on this Mondstadt-styled mountain! The scenery here is quite different from Inazuma, right?
Paimon: You two are too impatient! (Traveler), let's catch up with them!
Paimon: You'll need water or ice on a sunny day, and it's even easier if there's a Hydro Amber nearby. If it's raining, just use Anemo to swirl the rain and wet it.
Shibasuke: ...Mamesuke? Really?
Shibasuke: Afraid, but White Fur and Yellow Fur in danger.
Shibasuke: Almost became bake-danuki paste too, so close.
Shibasuke: Anemo Amber, Hydro Amber, same?
Shibasuke: But there are not-purple Lavender Melons, out of reach.
Shibasuke: Eek! White Fur! Shoo!
Shibasuke: Flaming grass there! White Fur! Hurry!
Shibasuke: Furry grass so fun! *blows*
Shibasuke: Go Mondstadt! Liyue!
Shibasuke: Go later?
Shibasuke: Hmph! Dumb White Fur! Bake-danuki transformation not easy.
Shibasuke: Hmph! White Fur lie?
Shibasuke: Hmph.
Shibasuke: Mamesuke go too! Furry grass! *blow* Bald!
Shibasuke: Mm!
Shibasuke: Mm! Famous! Amazing!
Shibasuke: Mm! White Fur, Yellow Fur, so slow!
Shibasuke: Mm, wait moment?
Shibasuke: Mm... White Fur talk too much! Won't understand...
Shibasuke: Mm... White Fur, understand.
Shibasuke: Mmhaha!
Shibasuke: Mmhaha! Mondstadt! Lavender Melon kapow!
Shibasuke: Mmhaha! White Fur dirty!
Shibasuke: Mmhaha! White Fur weak!
Shibasuke: Mmm! Stones heavy enough!
Shibasuke: Mmm, not same.
Shibasuke: Mmmm!!!
Shibasuke: Mountain kaboooom~
Shibasuke: Mountain so fun! So many new things! But no Lavender Melon...
Shibasuke: No.
Shibasuke: Not enough.
Shibasuke: Shibasuke, Mamesuke change! Yellow Fur! Attack!
Shibasuke: Steal?
Shibasuke: Stone plate very round, very flat, very weird!
Shibasuke: Strange sound there! Shibasuke check!
Shibasuke: Take White Fur see!
Shibasuke: Thanks! White Fur strong, Yellow Fur strong too.
Shibasuke: Want to see furry grass with Mamesuke.
Shibasuke: We go!
Shibasuke: Weight?
Shibasuke: Where Mamesuke...
Shibasuke: White Fur can fly. White Fur can get it?
Shibasuke: White Fur can fly. White Fur get it?
Shibasuke: White Fur fly, White Fur kapow?
Shibasuke: White Fur knows much, very amazing.
Shibasuke: White Fur no fear!
Shibasuke: White Fur no fear, Shibasuke strong.
Shibasuke: White Fur no lie! Mamesuke! Yey!
Shibasuke: Woohoo! Mondstadt!
Shibasuke: Yellow Fur kapow! Fly high, can't learn... Mm...
Shibasuke: Yellow Fur so strong! Kaboom!
Some time later, you return to see Mamesuke and Shibasuke again...
Something is happening in the distance...
You explain the situation to Shibasuke patiently...
 