 (He... actually understood you, Paimon.)
 (It feels like he already understands you pretty well, Paimon...)
 As for yesterday's investigations...
 Quest DescriptionRyuuji seems to have gotten further leads and must investigate once more...
 Shikanoin?
Paimon: "Some overripe Lavender Melons" and "muddy hand-prints on a door"... How are these related, actually?
Paimon: Eh!? Didn't Sango get you to go investigate?
Paimon: It's these incorrigible guys again!
Paimon: Its [sic] the Black Shadow...
Paimon: Let's teach them a lesson, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon gets it! You're saying that we'll need a bit of boom shaka-laka to finally clear this up!
Paimon: Paimon's still thinking about those "overripe Lavender Melons"...
Paimon: Sure! Paimon has faith in your good sense, after all!
Paimon: That makes a ton of sense, Ryuuji!
Paimon: Uh-oh... Why does Paimon feel like this is just dragging out?
Paimon: We've gone to all the places that Ryuuji marked out. Let's head back to the Bantan Sango Detective Agency and look for him there!
Paimon: We've gotta make sure it doesn't see us, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Well, that should be the little animals now. Hmph! These baddies had better spend some time thinking about what they've done!
Paimon: Woohoo! That should be all the animals in this area.
Ryuuji: ...Wait. Why *isn't* it all of them?
Ryuuji: Ah. Wonderful! This should be all of them now...
Ryuuji: Ahem. I mean, by "Black Shadow." If you've got no other questions...
Ryuuji: As for any conclusions she might have drawn from my reports, only she knows what they are.
Ryuuji: As for that, I don't know anything at the moment.
Ryuuji: But for Sango, these are the materials she needs to unlock mysteries as complex as "yosegizaiku."
Ryuuji: For example, "some overripe Lavender Melons" and "muddy hand-prints on a door" don't connect meaningfully in my mind.
Ryuuji: He's a rather... unique character. You'll know what I mean should you ever meet him.
Ryuuji: I just finished scouting out several suspicious spots.
Ryuuji: I suppose I'll simply report our present status to Sango.
Ryuuji: I will continue to investigate "Black Shadow." The matter of the small animals is yours to resolve.
Ryuuji: I'm just using an analogy. At her direction, I investigated some locations in Yashiori Island and Chinju Forest before reporting what I had seen back to her.
Ryuuji: If I am otherwise occupied at the time, you can just look for Sango directly.
Ryuuji: It is true that resolving cases sometimes requires a great deal of patience. Going the wrong way could end with you finding nothing at all.
Ryuuji: It's just a shame that we don't have any additional information at the moment. Hmm...
Ryuuji: Mm, yes, you could say that we are presently boom shaka-lacking. But not by much, I would say — we have been making great progress thanks to the two of you.
Ryuuji: Oh, you're right on cue.
Ryuuji: One of those encampments is guarded by the "Top"...
Ryuuji: She did, yes, but... How should I put it?
Ryuuji: She should be able to consider some angles that haven't come to mind yet.
Ryuuji: Someone from the Tenryou Commission. We had the privilege of making his acquaintance on a previous case.
Ryuuji: The further down the truth is buried, the more value there is in uncovering it.
Ryuuji: Then it's decided. Let's meet at the usual place once more clues emerge.
Ryuuji: To be honest, only Shikanoin is able to keep up with her train of thought...
Ryuuji: We have found a great deal of these little animals, so we are at least headed in the right direction.
Ryuuji: We might just have missed a few clues along the way or left a few locations un-searched, thus leading to our current impasse. It will be a temporary one, I believe.
Ryuuji: Well then. The animals are in your hands.
Ryuuji: You flatter me. This is merely experience talking.
Sango: Don't worry, I've already made some initial deductions. Ryuuji will continue to investigate "Black Shadow," while you will focus on rescuing those animals.
You recount the events to Ryuuji...