 How much additional compensation are we talking about?
Zhaoqin: Trust me, it's plenty!
 That depends on how much work I still have left.
 Isn't it supposed to be the holidays...
 Quest DescriptionIn Liyue Harbor, an adventurer is busy with a certain task...
 That depends on how much work I still have left.
 That sounds pretty strategic...
 Then... show me what needs to be done...
 What about the Lantern Rite...
 What are you so busy with?
Zhaoqin: After you launch the fireworks, we will send someone to designate the area as "cleared."
Zhaoqin: Agh, what a headache.
Zhaoqin: Ahem... So, it's like this. For this year's Lantern Rite festival, we of the Liyue Harbor Adventurers' Guild have been dispatched by the Ministry of Civil Affairs to help with some tertiary tasks.
Zhaoqin: And then, we will adjust the overall plan in accordance with the areas that have been cleared.
Zhaoqin: Did... this area get cleared? Huh... I think it should have been cleared already...
Zhaoqin: Haha! Alright! I knew you wouldn't just stay idle. I'll be sure to mark down all the locations already confirmed by the Guild. Also, please take this miniature Launch Tube.
Zhaoqin: Hmph... You're... the Traveler! My apologies, I was too busy. I didn't even notice you.
Zhaoqin: If you want, you can help us out too. What do you say?
Zhaoqin: Maybe I should buy some gifts to bring back... Eh, no. It's not going to work. Dad's going to accuse me of being wasteful with Mora...
Zhaoqin: My mom is going to nag my ear off when I get home.
Zhaoqin: Never mind this for now. I'll go take a look at the situation. Need to make a report to Lan later...
(Quest ends)
Zhaoqin: People in our line of work get real busy during the holidays.
Zhaoqin: Should you accept one of the commissions... Remember to launch some fireworks after you clear out an area.
Zhaoqin: So, should any adventurers be willing to take on these commissions, they'll be able to collect more rewards upon completing their tasks...
Zhaoqin: Speaking of which, you're a registered adventurer as well, aren't you? I've heard plenty about your exploits.
Zhaoqin: The Millelith are primarily responsible for patrolling the city and other key areas. We, on the other hand, get to go out and clear out some monsters... along with those good for nothing bandits too.
Zhaoqin: Trust me, it's plenty!
Zhaoqin: Well... Since we are helping the ministry during a holiday, they're providing additional compensation for our efforts.
Zhaoqin: Yeah... This is the Lantern Rite festival after all. We can't let anything go wrong... People are more tense than a stretched cord right now.