
Diane: Eh... You guys are joking, right? At the end of the day, we're still a business. Please be reasonable.
(Lose 1.5 Hearts)

Diane: I think that's a good price! You've got yourself a deal!
(Continue to next part)

Diane: If you keep nagging me with such absurd prices, I will lose my patience. Why don't we settle the deal at the standard rate set by Margaret?

Diane: Sorry, this price is still too low. Margaret is going to get me some heat if she hears about this...
(Lose 1.5 Hearts)

Diane: Well, even though we will take a small loss on this transaction, considering that the goods are for Miss Quqing, this won't be an issue.
(Continue to next part)
 About the shop...
Quqing: Because the sailors did me a great service, I just recently set up shop on this side of the pier, serving drinks to the sailors.
Quqing: But I'm not exactly the best businesswoman, and business has been rather slow...
 It won't be any trouble.
 No need to be so generous.
 No worries.
 Quest DescriptionQuqing, the owner of the new beverage shop on the northern pier of Liyue Harbor, seems to be asking for help...
 See you later!
Quqing: Bye! All the best with your journey!
 So that's how the story goes...
 Taste?
Quqing: Sailors have different preferences. Some prefer light tea, others prefer sweet and sour juice... If you drink the same thing all the time, you'll get bored of it.
Quqing: So I always restock the store with drinks of different flavors, trying to meet the sailors' needs as much as possible...
 Thanks, but we're not here to drink.
 We're errand runners who help with ordering drinks.
 We've taken payment for our work already.
Diane: Anyway, let's talk shop. How much are you going to pay for all these Mintberries?
(A Mood gauge appears starting at a random value of 4–4.75 Hearts)
Diane: As for the delivery... leave that to the sailors of Dornman Port. They'll ship it directly to Liyue's north pier.
Diane: Eh... You guys are joking, right? At the end of the day, we're still a business. Please be reasonable.
Diane: I think that's a good price! You've got yourself a deal!
Diane: If you keep nagging me with such absurd prices, I will lose my patience. Why don't we settle the deal at the standard rate set by Margaret?
Diane: Oh? The beverage shop on Liyue's north pier that just opened?
Diane: Recently, when Quqing was selling thirst-quenching drinks to sailors at the dock, she also asked them to promote Qingce Village's spring water.
Diane: She gets water at a high price from Qingce Village and resells it where there is demand, only earning the basic cost of individual labor.
Diane: Sorry, this price is still too low. Margaret is going to get me some heat if she hears about this...
Diane: The sailors from Dornman Port have spoken about the shopkeeper, and Margaret seems to have sourced ingredients from her before.
Diane: This document is for you. Please give it to Quqing.
Diane: Welcome to The Cat's Tail! What can I get you guys?
Diane: Well, even though we will take a small loss on this transaction, considering that the goods are for Miss Quqing, this won't be an issue.
Diane: Well, the deal is done!
Diane: With her help, people from other places can brew wine with a unique flavor using the spring water of Qingce Village, and it provides a source of income for the elderly folk in the village. It's two birds killed with one stone.
Diane: Yup. Perhaps The Cat's Tail will be a long-term partner with her.
Paimon: All the best with your business! Next time we'll come to your place for a nice drink!
Paimon: Don't worry. It's 65 cases of Mintberries, right? Leave the order to Paimon and (Traveler). Handling errands is our specialty!
Paimon: Great success! Let's report back to Quqing, (Traveler).
(Obtain Quqing's Invoice)
Paimon: Hello, Diane. We've got a business proposition for you!
Paimon: If you want to place an order for any drinks, let us know, and we'll take the order for you!
Paimon: Quqing, we're back!
Paimon: Thank you very much, Diane!
Paimon: That's right! We're reliable errand runners! Paimon heard you put up a commission at the Weinlesefest asking for someone who knows what they're doing to help with ordering drinks, so that's where we come in!
Paimon: We'll be right back!
(Obtain Quqing's Funds ×22000)
Paimon: We've placed an order for the drinks you need. It'll be loaded on the boats tomorrow and it'll be sent to the docks as soon as possible! Please take this receipt!
Paimon: Whoa, Quqing is such a nice person!
Paimon: Yes, yes. We have other people to help order for. There's no need for you to serve us.
Quqing: Ah... Well, next time I'll be sure to make your favorite drink!
Quqing: Because the sailors did me a great service, I just recently set up shop on this side of the pier, serving drinks to the sailors.
Quqing: But I'm not exactly the best businesswoman, and business has been rather slow...
Quqing: Bye! All the best with your journey!
Quqing: Hmm... judging by how you guys are dressed, I'm guessing you're not from around here. I don't know if the tea I've got here is suited to your tastes...
Quqing: I was afraid no one would accept such a troublesome commission... I'll leave it to you then!
Quqing: I'll start you guys off with a pot of Yunlai White Tea. If that's not to your liking, you can come back later. I should be able to get someone to pick up a batch of specialty drinks from Mondstadt's Weinlesefest...
Quqing: I've heard from sailors who have been to Mondstadt that The Cat's Tail Tavern's specialty, the "Mintberry," is refreshing as it is relaxing.
Quqing: I...I... I'll prepare you a pot of tea with the best spring water...
Quqing: In the past, the merchants in Mondstadt would also prepare designated equivalents according to my needs. In accordance with the rules of the Weinlesefest, I've gathered some Fairbrew Jelly in advance, and I'm giving it all to you!
Quqing: Please come again!
Quqing: Sailors have different preferences. Some prefer light tea, others prefer sweet and sour juice... If you drink the same thing all the time, you'll get bored of it.
Quqing: So I always restock the store with drinks of different flavors, trying to meet the sailors' needs as much as possible...
Quqing: So I'd like to order 65 cases of Mintberries, to sell to sailors together with other drinks. This way, they can stay in a good mood and work efficiently.
Quqing: Thank you very much for the order.
Quqing: That's it? Wow, you guys move fast!
Quqing: The funds I've set aside are a rough estimate, and please keep the change as reward for your hard work. Although this is not enough to fully express my gratitude...
Quqing: Welcome! What would you two like to drink?
Quqing: With this batch of specialty drinks, sailors can quench their thirst with a different taste.
Quqing: You guys came all the way to Liyue to take orders for clients? You guys are so sweet!
You explain Quqing's order request to Diane.