 Don't worry, I have them.
 It's okay, I'll handle them.
 Quest DescriptionKujirai Momiji seems to have found some useful resources. Rendezvous with her, pronto... 
 Step DescriptionWhere there's a will, there's a way: Kujirai Momiji seems to have actually found some useful resources. Rendezvous with her, pronto...
 What if it doesn't work?
 Will these be enough?
 Yeah, let's try again.
(Kujirai Momiji starts making unique bait)
Kujirai Momiji: *sigh* I want to go and take a stroll outside. I have to think about what happens after this.
Kujirai Momiji: ...
Kujirai Momiji: Ah... Right, I forgot you are a powerful adventurer!
Kujirai Momiji: Although I'm not sure what the difference is, compared to ordinary Magical Crystal Ore, but since we have decided to do so, we should be more rigorous and follow the sailing log closely.
Kujirai Momiji: Don't say such discouraging things, it will work. The "Lunar Leviathan" will definitely come.
Kujirai Momiji: Eh? Really? Were they mined at Araumi?
Kujirai Momiji: Here's your payment. Whatever the case, thank you very much for your help.
Kujirai Momiji: How...how did this happen, even my father's bait formula didn't work?
Kujirai Momiji: I have a lot of Seagrass, but the Magical Crystal Ore...
Kujirai Momiji: I'll go back and get some bait-making tools, let's meet up later at the beach on the west of Araumi.
Kujirai Momiji: I'm so lucky to have your help, I'm counting on you!
Kujirai Momiji: If we can also make this, we may be able to attract the "Lunar Leviathan."
Kujirai Momiji: Let's forget it for now, I'm a little tired. Maybe Nantuck is right?
Kujirai Momiji: Look! Look at this! It's glowing under the water! Something's coming!
Kujirai Momiji: Look, guys! I flipped through my father's sailing log again.
Kujirai Momiji: My father's log mentioned that the Magical Crystal Ore must be mined from the ruins at Araumi.
Kujirai Momiji: So, is everyone ready? Don't forget to make a wish when you see the "Lunar Leviathan."
Kujirai Momiji: Speaking of which, there are a lot of dangerous monsters over at Araumi. Let's go to the Adventurers' Guild and put up a commission.
Kujirai Momiji: The "Lunar Leviathan" that guided us back to the ship also disappeared here.
Kujirai Momiji: There's an appendix in there that mentions a special fish bait formula they had developed.
Kujirai Momiji: This should be it, that's all.
Kujirai Momiji: Well, watch me next, I just have to do this...this...and this...
Kujirai Momiji: When they encountered the "Lunar Leviathan," they used a special bait that mixed Seagrass and Magical Crystal Ore.
Kujirai Momiji: Yes, I purposely chose this place, from where we reached the shore back then.
Kujirai Momiji: You found them so quickly? You're a powerful adventurer indeed!
Paimon: Don't be sad, it's that Ruin Guard's fault! It must have scared the "Lunar Leviathan" away! Let's try again!
Paimon: Help, it's a Ruin Guard!
Paimon: Looks like Ms. Kujirai wants to be left alone now, let's come back to see her later.
Paimon: Really? Is the "Lunar Leviathan" really here?
Paimon: The next step is to scatter the bait and wait for the "Lunar Leviathan" to appear, right?
Paimon: These three pieces should be enough, right? Let's quickly go back and show them to Kujirai Momiji.
Paimon: Why is it this guy!
Paimon: Yeah! It will work! Big fish, big fish, you must be good and bite the bait! I'm counting on you!