 About the gift...
 Can't you make another one?
 Do they have to stay on duty throughout the whole festival?
 Everyone's got their present.
 Have you seen Cai Le?
 How could I not?
 How many people do you have to send them out to?
 Lantern Rite gift delivery!
 Quest DescriptionWang'ya from Liyue Harbor seems to be troubled by something...
 Sounds like a tall order indeed...
 Sounds really difficult.
 Sure did.
 Sure thing.
 Was it also your duty as a member of the Millelith?
 What are you doing?
 What's so special about that Xiao Lantern?
 What's the matter?
 Who are the lucky recipients?
 Xiao Lantern delivery?
Cai Le: And then I still have other tasks to complete...
Cai Le: Did you get the Xiao Lantern?
Cai Le: Do you mean retrieving lost Xiao Lanterns? Hahahah, of course.
Cai Le: Doesn't matter if it's finding Xiao Lanterns, chasing after evil-doers, or defeating monsters...
Cai Le: Eh... Would you mind lending me a helping hand? Recovering that Xiao Lantern shouldn't be too difficult for you.
Cai Le: For Archon's sake... How do I get there? Perhaps I should try something different...
Cai Le: Great, many thanks. Let's get it done as quickly as we can so the little girl can finally cheer up.
Cai Le: I hope they are still waiting where I left them...
Cai Le: It's so hard to fight gravity in full armor... I just slip back down each time...
Cai Le: Let me take a look... Yeah, that's the one. You just made those kids' day. I'll give it back to them.
Cai Le: Luckily, that Xiao Lantern got stuck in a tree. If it'd flown any higher, we wouldn't be able to reach it...
Cai Le: Thank you once again. I need to hurry up and give it back to those kids.
Cai Le: The Millelith's duty is to help those in need.
Cai Le: This must be from the Ministry of Civil Affairs. Alright, gratefully received. Thanks for the trouble.
Cai Le: Traveler? Haha, it's nothing. I'm just wondering how to climb up that tree and retrieve that Xiao Lantern.
Hongyi: *sigh* Who knows what's wrong with it... But either way, it can't be drunk from now...
Hongyi: Huh, this must be from the Ministry of Civil Affairs. Thank you, I'll take it.
Hongyi: Still, I need to remain on duty for a while more to ensure that no residents come to draw water from the well.
Hongyi: What's wrong with the well...
Paimon: Huh, it seems like Cai Le isn't here.
Paimon: Let's ask those kids over there, maybe they know where he's gone.
Wang'ya: Alright, duty calls. I hope you have a great time during the Lantern Rite!
Wang'ya: Besides, considering how grand the Lantern Rite celebrations are each year, some parts of the city require additional resources. No matter how we distribute our people, there's never enough manpower.
Wang'ya: But Liyue is too large. There are too many stations and places that need patrolling.
Wang'ya: Could you do me a favor and deliver these gifts?
Wang'ya: Eh, somebody on the gift delivery duty must've had a slip-up...
Wang'ya: Even though my colleagues took parts of the workload upon themselves, it's my turn this year to coordinate the Xiao Lantern delivery. If I don't buck up and prepare everything, I won't make it in time...
Wang'ya: Even with most people being off work for the festival, including some store owners and their staff...
Wang'ya: However... We're a little bit short-staffed and haven't managed to send out the gifts to all the soldiers on our list yet...
Wang'ya: I don't know whether I'm coming or going anymore...
Wang'ya: I was about to visit the Millelith responsible for keeping our city safe to gift them Xiao Lanterns as a token of gratitude.
Wang'ya: I'll mark their stations for you. I can't thank you enough.
(Obtain Lantern Rite Gift ×3)
Wang'ya: It's just that... The more I think about it, the more issues come up...
Wang'ya: Lantern Rite is meant for everyone, after all.
Wang'ya: Let me see... Which of the Millelith haven't been checked off...
Wang'ya: No worries, I'm just trying to sort out everything that needs to be taken care of for the Lantern Rite.
Wang'ya: On a broader scale... we'd like the Lantern Rite to spread far and wide. It'd be great if everyone could experience its atmosphere.
Wang'ya: Really? That's amazing! Thank you so much.
Wang'ya: Right... When I said "Xiao Lantern delivery," I meant more than just sending out the lanterns themselves.
Wang'ya: Simply put... It's more about playing the role of the Lantern Rite ambassador, passing on well-wishes, and creating the festive atmosphere...
Wang'ya: That's strange... Cai Xun's gift has been delivered, but Cai Le's hasn't...
Wang'ya: The Ministry of Civil Affairs usually sends them gifts to acknowledge their hard work around the Lantern Rite season...
Wang'ya: The more people we encourage to participate in the Lantern Rite, the more festive its atmosphere will get.
Wang'ya: There are still essential workers who can't just take a break — for example, those in charge of keeping order during the celebration, like the Millelith.
Wang'ya: We send Xiao Lanterns because we'd like for everyone to be able to release one and make their own wishes.
Wang'ya: We simply don't have enough recruits. Even though they take turns, some of the will get the shorter end of the stick and work during the Lantern Rite.
Wang'ya: Well, that's our job... We'll do what we can to ensure that everyone has a nice Lantern Rite.
Wang'ya: Well... The Ministry of Civil Affairs will schedule alternating shifts for them...
Wang'ya: Which reminds me of other people who might need help around the festival time. It'd be nice if you could lend them a hand.
Wang'ya: Xiangming... Hongyi... and Cai Le.
Wang'ya: You're a real life-saver... I wouldn't have made it without you.
Wang'ya: You're back! How did the gift delivery go?
Xiangming: *sigh* When's that fellow going to leave...
Xiangming: Another year, another Lantern Rite. And I'd wanted to head home earlier this year, too...
Xiangming: But given the current situation, I can't relax just yet... I guess I'll be heading home a few hours late again...
Xiangming: Hmm? Do you need anything? I'm on duty...
Xiangming: Oh, it's from the Ministry of Civil Affairs? I see...
Xiangming: Quiet down a bit, I'm working over here! What do you mean, gift delivery?
Xiangming: Thanks for coming all this way. I'll take this. Thanks!
Yi Xian: *sobs* I—I haven't finished writing my wish...
Yi Xian: I... *sobs* I haven't finished writing my wish. What if it doesn't come true...
Yi Xian: Uh... No... We can't. My brother worked so hard to make that lantern...
Yi Zhu: Are you looking for that nice Millelith?
Yi Zhu: Be a good girl, Little Xian. That nice uncle from the Millelith went to fetch it for you.
Yi Zhu: I told her we could make another one, but she...
Yi Zhu: It will. I'm sure it will, but only if you behave like a good girl, Little Xian...
Yi Zhu: Little Xian was writing her wish on a Xiao Lantern when she suddenly lost her grip on it, and the Lantern flew away that way...
Yi Zhu: Little Xian, that nice uncle will bring it back to us in no time...
Yi Zhu: My apologies. If you really need to talk to that Millelith, you can find him over there.
Yi Zhu: That Millelith told us he'd seen it hanging on a tree and went to get it for us.