 Aren't the Treasure Hoarders scared of the meteorites?
Huffman: Hmph. I'd wager that those crooks fear nothing, as long as they can get their hands on some Mora.
Huffman: You have my thanks. I'm sorry, I know it reflects ill on us to be asking for your help in such circumstances.
 Defeating all the monsters?
 I won't let you down.
Huffman: Spoken well, Honorary Knight. I'll leave it in your able hands.
 Quest DescriptionHuffman is currently so busy with matters concerning the fallen meteorites, that he barely has time for anything else...
 Springvale is safe.
 Sure did
 Sure.
Huffman: I'll leave it in your capable hands, then. I will do what I can to send some knights over to assist you.
 Well then, if there's nothing else...
 What's the situation over in Springvale?
Huffman: To be frank, things don't look good. We already have our hands full dealing with the meteorites' aftermath. But we also need to guard against monsters and the Treasure Hoarders...
Huffman: It's almost impossible to handle so many things at once...
Huffman: I'm sorry, but I'm leaving this in your hands. In the meantime, I will try to send knights over to aid you.
 What's the status on those monsters?
 Where are those beasts?
 You can go check it out.
Huffman: *sigh* Meteorites, monsters... I can only hope that nothing truly messy happens.
Huffman: All sorts of matters are cropping up within the city, almost more than the Knights can handle. All this, at a time when we'd just discovered Treasure Hoarder activity near the city...
Huffman: Could you head over to Springvale and help us investigate the status of the monsters there?
Huffman: For some reason, they've started falling at a greater rate than before, and it's become more dangerous out there in the wild.
Huffman: Have you succeeded in beating back those Treasure Hoarders?
Huffman: Hmph. I'd wager that those crooks fear nothing, as long as they can get their hands on some Mora.
Huffman: Hopefully, those Treasure Hoarders will take a hint from this lesson and stop eyeing Mondstadt up.
Huffman: How do you do, Honorary Knight? Please, do your utmost to remain within the city limits during this time.
Huffman: How's the situation?
Huffman: I suppose it can be considered some small consolation that no meteorites have come down within the city walls.
Huffman: I'll leave it in your capable hands, then. I will do what I can to send some knights over to assist you.
Huffman: I'm sorry, but I'm leaving this in your hands. In the meantime, I will try to send knights over to aid you.
Huffman: If any monsters were to enter the town, things could get disastrous...
Huffman: If you're willing, Traveler, could you help us chase those thieves off?
Huffman: In truth, we've received a plenitude of reports about abnormal monsters during this period.
Huffman: It's almost impossible to handle so many things at once...
Huffman: Meteorites, monsters and the Treasure Hoarders. It's really pouring, isn't it...
Huffman: Now, I believe that you've seen those fallen meteorites as well.
Huffman: Spoken well, Honorary Knight. I'll leave it in your able hands.
Huffman: Springvale is home to many hunters, and we've sent knights to reinforce them, but the terrain is truly difficult to police.
Huffman: Thank you so much. You've really helped us out this time. Please take these as a token of our esteem.
Huffman: That's great... I was honestly worried that we might not be able to spare anyone to help out.
Huffman: The city's defenses are sufficiently stalwart, so there's no reason to worry there. But one such meteorite has landed right beside Springvale...
Huffman: These reports mention that the meteorites have caused the monsters to become especially aggressive.
Huffman: Those fellows would do anything for a little Mora. I fear that they'll try to take advantage of this situation...
Huffman: To be frank, things don't look good. We already have our hands full dealing with the meteorites' aftermath. But we also need to guard against monsters and the Treasure Hoarders...
Huffman: Um, so, please hold on a moment... There is something else I need your help with.
Huffman: Wonderful. You've been a great help.
Huffman: You have my thanks. I'm sorry, I know it reflects ill on us to be asking for your help in such circumstances.
Timid Morrow: Aaaah! D—Don't come any...
Timid Morrow: Defeating all the... What? Just you?
Timid Morrow: Did you really defeat all those monsters by yourself?
Timid Morrow: Eh? Y—You're not a monster. Wh—Who are you?
Timid Morrow: Huh? It's you, again? What were you doing this whole time?
Timid Morrow: I have to warn everyone...
Timid Morrow: I'll just report what you've said to the Knights — never mind if it's true or not.
Timid Morrow: If I hadn't run so fast, I'd have been a goner...
Timid Morrow: Right next to the town. A few steps around the corner and you'll see them.
Timid Morrow: The monsters? What is there to ask? I was just running from them, that's what!
Timid Morrow: They were right there, a whole bunch of them, looking like they might attack the town.
Timid Morrow: Th—They'll have some way to check if you've beaten all those monsters, I'm sure.
Timid Morrow: Ugh, I daren't look. If they see me, I'd be done for!
Timid Morrow: You should get to shelter as well. I'll rest here for a while, and then I'll go warn everyone in town.
Timid Morrow: if so, you're really strong. Better than the Knights of Favonius, even.