 And how are your studies going on that front?
 How's progress lately?
 Quest DescriptionThe task of locating Ruin Machines is almost complete, but one thing continues to trouble Muzhen...
 You seem rather pleased.
 Your progress in making me do your job for you, you mean?
1 Linked Nimbus Gem: The active character continually recharges Energy, the rate of regeneration increasing with more links. 2 Linked Nimbus Gems: Other than the aforementioned effect, all characters in the part deal increased DMG with their Elemental Bursts. 3 Linked Nimbus Gems: Hitting opponents with Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks, Plunging Attacks, Elemental Skills, and Elemental Bursts will unleash a shockwave at that opponent's location. Shockwaves created in this manner have a CD.
During the Thunder Sojourn event, Travelers can activate mechanisms to initiate the Weaving Lightning challenge. Once the challenge begins, Travelers must defeat all opponents within the stipulated time limit.
Muzhen: And secondly... well, we are a merchant fleet, after all. We've got to see if they've got any commercial worth, of course!
Muzhen: Hahah! To think that we were able to get this done without the Captain's help... I can't wait to see how shocked she'll be at our progress!
Muzhen: Hehe, sorry, got a little carried away there...
Muzhen: Hmm... The samples that you've given me, if properly used, might give The Crux Fleet a new way of dodging thunderstorms with ease that doesn't rely on our mobility.
Muzhen: However, seeing as the Sakoku Decree is the Shogun's will, such actions may displease her...
Muzhen: However, we need to take care of a little problem before we do that...
Muzhen: If so, it would make our commercial route to and from Inazuma much more secure, and we would have more guaranteed efficiency.
Muzhen: Just as before, I'll need you to bring some samples back... Firstly, to study how I might use them.
Muzhen: Oh, and, ah... your progress, of course! It's been quite splendid, it has!
Muzhen: Phew, we're almost there. Once this is over, I'll be able to return to the ship!
Muzhen: Quite alright, quite alright. I've remained onshore enough, and I've made great progress in my research. Our sampling order is just about complete!
Muzhen: So of course, the most direct result of our research is that we can use the "age" and "life" of these anomalous Electro growths to determine the size and origin of Electro anomalies.
Muzhen: Thanks to the clues you brought back, I'm now able to pinpoint the location of the Ruin machines.
Muzhen: There are some Electro anomalies nearby that are interfering with the tracking process. I'll give you the locations of these anomalies... Please, get rid of them.
Muzhen: These origins, of course, are the targets we're looking for: the ancient, mysterious Ruin organisms!
Muzhen: Well then. This is the final stretch. Let's get going!
Paimon: Huh. Guess Captain Beidou's got some unreliable subordinates too, huh...
Paimon: Paimon sees it! Let's go have a look.
The Weaving Lightning [sic] has a unique mechanic known as the Nimbus Gem that will release electric pulses to link up with characters who are carrying Electrograna or affected by Electro. Characters will gain various buffs depending on the number of Nimbus Gems they are linked to.
Weaving Lightning - Gameplay Tutorial
During the Thunder Sojourn event, Travelers can activate mechanisms to initiate the Weaving Lightning challenge. Once the challenge begins, Travelers must defeat all opponents within the stipulated time limit.
The Weaving Lightning [sic] has a unique mechanic known as the Nimbus Gem that will release electric pulses to link up with characters who are carrying Electrograna or affected by Electro. Characters will gain various buffs depending on the number of Nimbus Gems they are linked to.
1 Linked Nimbus Gem: The active character continually recharges Energy, the rate of regeneration increasing with more links. 2 Linked Nimbus Gems: Other than the aforementioned effect, all characters in the part deal increased DMG with their Elemental Bursts. 3 Linked Nimbus Gems: Hitting opponents with Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks, Plunging Attacks, Elemental Skills, and Elemental Bursts will unleash a shockwave at that opponent's location. Shockwaves created in this manner have a CD.