 An empty... room?
 Did they try using any other tools to explore the place?
 Hey there, about the commission...
 Huh, to think that you could do something like that...
 I guess you could say that...
 In that case, how should I operate this place?
 Is it a dangerous commission?
 Is there some special method to all this?
 It "changed its form"? Into this?
 One moment. What do you mean?
 Quest DescriptionKatheryne of the Liyue Harbor Adventurers' Guild seems to be looking for you...
 Still, could you tell me about this Domain...?
 That's about right.
 This just looks like a normal Domain...
 Well, this place looks familiar...
 What sort of Domain is this...
 Will it be difficult?
Honglang: "If this was an ordinary Domain, we would've finished exploring it long ago."
Honglang: According to the first batch of adventurers, the Domain was just an "empty room" when they first entered it.
Honglang: According to the leader of the adventure team at that time, they'd started to lose patience with this place after exploring it for some time to no avail.
Honglang: Ah, yes, right. Sorry. Let me fill you in...
Honglang: Also, when someone tried to cross over the border into the area beyond the first 52 paces...
Honglang: And as for the reason why it looks like this...
Honglang: And as more people began to concur, the team suddenly found themselves in "an ordinary Domain."
Honglang: But if you look at it from a different angle, this Domain really is quite suited to training adventurers. I mean, just one thought, and all sorts of mechanisms and terrain can emerge in a blink of an eye!
Honglang: Eh? You... Oh, so you're the one Ms. Katheryne called in?
Honglang: For 52 paces either way, the area was an ordinary stone-tiled floor, but all the areas beyond were filled with a deep gray smoke.
Honglang: However, all we know even now is that this Domain can change according to a person's will.
Honglang: Hungry and tired as they were, the rest of the team expressed approval of that member's view.
Honglang: I do hope that we'll be able to understand the rules behind the changes of this Domain soon.
Honglang: I don't think it's possible to explain out here. Let's continue inside.
Honglang: I'm just giving an example. To be precise, it was an area "about 52 paces in length, 52 paces in breadth, and of unknown height."
Honglang: I've heard that you're flexible, highly experienced, and one of our top adventurers to boot...
Honglang: If many people enter the Domain at once, then it will react to the person with the strongest thoughts.
Honglang: If not for some of these contingencies, this Domain would keep changing all the time...
Honglang: In response, we quickly sent people to conduct further investigations.
Honglang: In simple terms, his desire was "to be able to change this Domain only when we touch this mechanism."
Honglang: In that case, we're counting on you. Use all your wits and imagination to transform this Domain.
Honglang: Once they had passed through this gate, the team entered an unknown Domain.
Honglang: One of their members began to grumble under their breath.
Honglang: See that golden "Adventure Coin" over there? That's a little something we created using our willpower as well.
Honglang: That is the case. However... you won't just be doing "exploration."
Honglang: That's because this Domain changed its form not long ago.
Honglang: That's right. This Domain transforms based on people's wishes.
Honglang: The Domain answered these wishes, but to ensure that this mechanism remains here, we have to periodically invite him back...
Honglang: The adventure team judged themselves unable to deal with such a situation, and thus reported back to the Guild immediately.
Honglang: They did, of course. But thrown objects would return to their original places, and even the light of torches could not penetrate further than 52 paces away.
Honglang: They would either mysteriously change direction and start walking the opposite way, or suddenly disappear and appear behind everyone else.
Honglang: This "ordinary Domain" contained mechanisms, paths, treasure... even torches that were still burning.
Honglang: This is indeed the Domain we mean to explore.
Honglang: Try getting ahold of that coin, would you?
Honglang: We hope that we might be able to figure out some of the rules and principles behind the changes this Domain undergoes, and thus get answers from there.
Honglang: We've tried this, but to no avail. Perhaps our desire to create Liyue Harbor just wasn't strong enough.
Honglang: Well, here's what happened: some time back, a team of adventurers found this strange, large door out in the wild... You're looking at it right now, naturally.
Honglang: Well, talk is cheap, though... So why don't you give it a go yourself?
Honglang: Well, you see that mechanism over there? That's a "trigger" that we put in place. One of our adventurers dreamed this one up, in fact.
Honglang: What's with this Domain...
Honglang: Whatever the case, it was impossible to cross this 52-pace area.
Honglang: Whatever the case, we are currently gathering adventurers to enter this Domain and cause all manner of changes according to their desires.
Honglang: Wonderful! That's very reassuring indeed.
Honglang: Wow! That was pretty impressive. You got the hang of this place really quickly!
Katheryne: Hello there, Traveler. Great timing: we have a commission that I believe would best be taken up by you.
Katheryne: Honglang is at the entrance to this Domain. If you're willing to help, you can go ask him what he needs.
Katheryne: Honglang, who is in charge of this investigation, says that he needs the assistance of a highly adaptable adventurer.
Katheryne: Though the Guild has undertaken extensive investigations into that Domain, we have yet to achieve results of any particular value.
Katheryne: We're counting on you, Traveler.
Katheryne: Well, it involves a hitherto unknown Domain.
Katheryne: You were the first person I thought of, Traveler.
Paimon: Eh?
Paimon: Exactly! Isn't this just an ordinary ruin? Y'know, the ones we visit all the time?
Paimon: So, you'd like our help in investigating this place?
Paimon: This...
Paimon: Wow! Does this mean that it could create, say, the entire Liyue Harbor in here?
Paimon: You sure this is the same place as that "empty room" you talked about?