 "As we get more used to Kichiboushi's aura..."
 According to what Ioroi said before...
 Aye, they're truly perilous!
Paimon: Hey, there's no need to scare him either!
 Hmm, when we first met in Chinju Forest...
 But don't forget to keep a good and open heart.
 Companions who adventure together, grow together.
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Companions.
Paimon: The best of companions!
 Got it?
 Hmm, when we first met in Chinju Forest...
 Huh, that sounds like Paimon!
Paimon: Hey, come on!
 I'll leave that decision to you.
 If Dihua Marsh thinks it's a sea, then it's the sea.
 Ioroi did say something about this before we left...
 It might be quite troublesome, but it's more interesting this way.
 Its waters are connected to the sea, though...
 Leave it to me.
 Now, I wouldn't call them dangerous...
Paimon: Come on! Kichiboushi isn't anywhere as seasoned a combatant as you!
 Hmm, when we first met in Chinju Forest...
 Paimon's a good guide, eh?
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: You remember all that from back then, huh, (Traveler)? That's nice of you...
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Thank you, Paimon and (Traveler).
 Quest DescriptionYou agreed to Ioroi's request to "bring Kichiboushi out to train."Time to show him the unique sights of Liyue's Dihua Marsh.
 Some fish can't be caught that way.
 Something Venti would truly love.
 Step Description"Kichiboushi, not understand. Why fish? Fish hard.""'A delicious catch is always worth it'... That's what they say, right?"
 That happens to me too.
 That's true.
 The sea is a large-scale water body beyond the mainland.
Paimon: Wow, that's... a rather strict definition. But that brings us back to the question of "boundaries," right?
"Kichiboushi": (Traveler) says Dihua Marsh is connected to sea. So the difference between "land-land" and "not-land-land" is?
Paimon: ...Guess your strict definition isn't solving our problems, huh?
 The taste of the water?
"Kichiboushi": Ooh! Forest water is a bit sweet, so not the sea!
Paimon: But if Cider Lake is full of cider, what would it count as...?
 Something Venti would truly love.
 These concepts are all man-made constructs. They don't have inherent meaning.
 If Dihua Marsh thinks it's a sea, then it's the sea.
"Kichiboushi": So Kichiboushi thinks to be an adeptus, so is an adeptus?
Paimon: Hey! Don't listen to (him/her), Kichiboushi. What in the world are you talking about, (Traveler)?
Paimon: But though it was kind of messy, you had a good point. You can become any kind of bake-danuki you wanna be, Kichiboushi! Who knows, you might even become a tanuki adeptus!
"Kichiboushi": A tanuki adeptus! Yey!
 This is also a form of training.
 Yes, though food expenses might increase as a result.
Paimon: Come on!
 You need to differentiate between the good people and the bad.
 You try, Kichiboushi.
"Kichiboushi": Mm?
 You try, Paimon.
Paimon: The fish would pull Paimon right into the sea!
 You're not so different, Kichiboushi.
"Kichiboushi": Mm?
"Kichiboushi": (Traveler) and Paimon say complicated things. Kichiboushi not understand.
"Kichiboushi": (Traveler) says Dihua Marsh is connected to sea. So the difference between "land-land" and "not-land-land" is?
"Kichiboushi": A tanuki adeptus! Yey!
"Kichiboushi": And training, mm! Kichiboushi going with (Traveler) and Paimon, learning lots of new things!
"Kichiboushi": But Kichiboushi knows you're good people. So Kichiboushi learn.
"Kichiboushi": Eh!? Why—
"Kichiboushi": Fish!
"Kichiboushi": Fishing?
"Kichiboushi": Hard to understand... But Kichiboushi understands.
"Kichiboushi": Hmm. Why not go into water to catchy fish?
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi is very happy! But fishing is hard.
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi wants to play with water!
"Kichiboushi": Leave it to Paimon, mm!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Companions.
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Fishing!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Thank you, Paimon and (Traveler).
"Kichiboushi": Mm, that's true...
"Kichiboushi": Mm. Okay.
"Kichiboushi": Mm...
"Kichiboushi": Mm... Not really understanding. "Sea" and "Not the Sea," what's the difference?
"Kichiboushi": Mm?
"Kichiboushi": Mmhaha! Fish are silly. Get tricked by food!
"Kichiboushi": Mmhaha, Paimon good at imitator. Very funny!
"Kichiboushi": Not knowing why the hilichurls here are like this. Mmm...
"Kichiboushi": Ooh! Forest water is a bit sweet, so not the sea!
"Kichiboushi": Ooh. The sea here is pretty.
"Kichiboushi": Ooh...
"Kichiboushi": Ooh... Why...
"Kichiboushi": Paimon, (Traveler)—
"Kichiboushi": Play with water! Last one there is a rotten melon!
"Kichiboushi": Playing with (Traveler) and Paimon is very fun. (Traveler) and Paimon are Kichiboushi's good friends.
"Kichiboushi": Really to play [sic] with the water.
"Kichiboushi": So Kichiboushi thinks to be an adeptus, so is an adeptus?
"Kichiboushi": Then, was playing Hide-and-Seek with the hilichurl. Forest hilichurls do not attack bake-danuki. They play with us often.
"Kichiboushi": This "is-or-isn't-a-sea" is very pretty. The tall, tall house behind it is very pretty too. Help Kichiboushi taking a photo?
"Kichiboushi": Thought we could... play...
"Kichiboushi": Training is great!
"Kichiboushi": Water? Play with water!
"Kichiboushi": When we first met... First met... I'm thinking... Ooh, yes.
"Kichiboushi": Yey!
(Traveler): Not now, you'll scare the fish off.
In the end, Kichiboushi is the one to try fishing.As expected, he doesn't catch much of anything.In the end, the three of you give up fishing and play by the water instead.
Paimon: "Ooh... I do so wish to scratch mine belly." "Oh...!" Hmm, that's not it, either.
Paimon: ...Guess your strict definition isn't solving our problems, huh?
Paimon: Alright, enough of that for now. For now, time to learn how to fish from (Traveler).
Paimon: Alright, then! Leave this to Paimon!
Paimon: And it's done!
Paimon: Bad hilichurls! Bad! Stop bullying Kichiboushi!
Paimon: Being damp at all kinda sucks, but it was pretty fun to play in the water!
Paimon: But if Cider Lake is full of cider, what would it count as...?
Paimon: But though it was kind of messy, you had a good point. You can become any kind of bake-danuki you wanna be, Kichiboushi! Who knows, you might even become a tanuki adeptus!
Paimon: Come on!
Paimon: Come on! Kichiboushi isn't anywhere as seasoned a combatant as you!
Paimon: Come on, Kichiboushi, why did you just charge straight into the hilichurl stronghold?
Paimon: Dragonspine, Guyun Stone Forest, Mondstadt, Liyue Harbor, Mt. Hulao... We've finished most of your training already!
Paimon: Eh? Dihua Marsh isn't a sea.
Paimon: Eh? So you've developed a harmonious relationship?
Paimon: Eh? Why? The hilichurls are dangerous monsters...
Paimon: Either way, you need to be more careful out here. Even when it comes to hilichurls... Well, especially when it comes to the hilichurls...
Paimon: Haha, this place looks pretty good.
Paimon: Hey! Don't listen to (him/her), Kichiboushi. What in the world are you talking about, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hey, come on!
Paimon: Hey, hey! Don't just run off! And don't use the names of food in vain!
Paimon: Hey, hey, not now! You'll scare the fish away!
Paimon: Hey, there's no need to scare him either!
Paimon: Hmm, that's true... but it still feels wrong to call Dihua Marsh the sea.
Paimon: How about this? Kichiboushi, have you ever gone fishing?
Paimon: Looks like you haven't. Alright then, let's head for the water's edge!
Paimon: Next up...
Paimon: Oh yeah, speaking of which, Ioroi's goal was to take Kichiboushi to eight places to train...
Paimon: Oh yeah, that's right! The more used we are to Kichiboushi's aura, the better we'll be able to understand him!
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon's figured it out! Let's take Kichiboushi to see the sights around the waters of Dihua Marsh! After all, there's probably nothing like it in Inazuma!
Paimon: Ooh, that's not something Paimon hears from you often, (Traveler)!
Paimon: So where should we go next?
Paimon: That issue aside, though. Is it just Paimon, or is Kichiboushi getting better at speaking?
Paimon: That's right! Fishing is a great way to train!
Paimon: That's right! Weren't you hiding in the form of some other object while being surrounded by hilichurls?
Paimon: The best of companions!
Paimon: The fish would pull Paimon right into the sea!
Paimon: Ugh, he's gone already...
Paimon: Ugh, this is getting complicated. You explain, (Traveler).
Paimon: Well then, (Traveler), time to show Kichiboushi what you can do!
Paimon: Well, everyone likes gourmet food!
Paimon: What did Ioroi say again? "I am the renowned bake-danuki, Ioroi"... Uh, no, that's not it...
Paimon: What? What's happening, Kichiboushi? Let's go and check it out, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Wow, that's... a rather strict definition. But that brings us back to the question of "boundaries," right?
Paimon: You remember all that from back then, huh, (Traveler)? That's nice of you...
Paimon: Yup! That's how you can protect yourself in the future.
Paimon: Yup, that's right! That'll help you enjoy the good things in life!
Paimon: Yup. But if you do learn to fish, you might make some unexpected friends some day. Right, (Traveler)?
You teach Kichiboushi the basics of fishing.You try to keep things simple, but as to how much he understands...