 "Kinda-sorta" is kinda-sorta right.
 (Well, he is quite old.)
 *cough*
 ..."Without any problems," he says...
 ...I suppose so?
Paimon: Nope, not at all! We can't understand a thing Kichiboushi's saying!
 Across the ocean, you say...
Paimon: That's gotta be Dragonspine, right?
 Alright then. What do you need help with?
 Also, it's not (Uncle/Aunt). It's Big (Bro/Sis).
 But as travel companions...
 We'd like to chat as we travel, you know?
 Don't you worry.
 From the direction you're referring to, that's probably Dragonspine.
 Hope your seal can be lifted soon.
 How does Dragonspine sound?
 I get it. Five over sixteen to Ioroi, yes?
 I guess "Yellow Fur" must be me?
 I'm (Traveler), and this is Paimon.
 In that case, what do you need help with?
 Is it gonna taste good, though...
 It's not (Uncle/Aunt). It's Big (Bro/Sis).
 Lavender Melon Kapow...
 Most people are alright.
 Nice-smelling...
 One question, if you would...
 Paimon means that we hope that your seal will soon be lifted.
 Quest DescriptionYou have not gone to see Ioroi of Chinju Forest for quite some time now. Perhaps it's time to pay the sealed king of bake-danuki a visit...
 So, what does Lavender Melon Kapow mean again...?
 Some questions are best left unasked, Paimon.
 Then why can you speak to humans just fine, Ioroi?
 There's that place Ioroi mentioned earlier...
Paimon: Uh-huh! Dragonspine it is, then!
 We'd like to chat as we travel, you know?
 We'll do that.
 We'll take good care of Kichiboushi, don't worry.
 Well, we can do that...
 Well...
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon knows what you mean, (Traveler)! Will there be treasure?
Ioroi: Treasure? Why, of course! I am the chief of five hundred and five bake-danuki, after all! Not a single one of Inazuma's treasures has ever escaped my sight.
 In that case, what do you need help with?
 Why, thank you.
 Yellow-furred (Uncle/Aunt)...
 You don't know either, do you?
"Kichiboushi": Ioroi! Yey!
"Kichiboushi": Ioroi. Powerful!
"Kichiboushi": Kapow is Kapow. Lavender Melon is Lavender Melon.
"Kichiboushi": Kapow!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! No worry! Kichiboushi take care of you!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! See White Fur, Yellow Fur, very happy. Lavender Melon Kapow!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! White Fur, Yellow Fur.
"Kichiboushi": Mm, very strong. Can understand.
"Kichiboushi": Mm-haha! Stone!
"Kichiboushi": Mountain, there!
"Kichiboushi": Rush no good.
"Kichiboushi": Sounds delicious. Want to eat.
"Kichiboushi": Squelch squelch Lavender Melon.
"Kichiboushi": Understand! Following (Uncle/Aunt) Yellow Fur!
"Kichiboushi": White Fur smart.
Although you can't be sure where Ioroi got it from...
Ioroi: ...
Ioroi: ...So, there are so many lands abroad. Very impressive.
Ioroi: A long, long time ago, I often spoke with tengu, kitsune, oni, youkai, and humans alike. And while human stories often concern themselves, at least half of them involve bake-danuki who transformed into humans.
Ioroi: Ah, hmm. Let me think about that...
Ioroi: Ah, so it's you. It has been so long, I could not recognize your scent!
Ioroi: Also, remember to eat properly and follow (Uncle/Aunt) Yellow Fur like a good boy.
Ioroi: And here I had thought that humans were all the same as that fellow who had us sealed — wicked and scary. But it seems that there are still some good eggs amongst you.
Ioroi: As I said earlier, you are fine folks, yes? So...
Ioroi: Bah, it is but a human seal! If I were but to try harder...
Ioroi: But even in this half, a good half concern we tanuki, who clad ourselves in the guise of the other youkai. Then half again of the tanuki tales are those concerning me.
Ioroi: Eeek! You saw through me? How did... Wait, no, this scent...
Ioroi: Eeek—! The scent of humans! Nay, I am but a statue! A handsome, mighty statue, yes, but still—!
Ioroi: Eh! Whatever the case, do not be in a rush!
Ioroi: Eh!? You too, Kichiboushi...?
Ioroi: Go, then, go. I have all the time in the world to go nowhere, but it is not so with my little tanuki.
Ioroi: Good, good. Then I leave this child in your hands. Take him to go see the world and train!
Ioroi: Hah, why of course! You have much to learn from my powers, you do.
Ioroi: Half of the remaining half are indeed about humans themselves, and the other half are about all the other youkai.
Ioroi: Having lived as long and become as powerful as I have, I have had at least some interactions with humanity.
Ioroi: Hmm, quite the bright spark, aren't you?
Ioroi: Hmph! And I've returned it! So if you ever meet that fellow who learned magic from Reizenbou, tell him to get me out of this stone!
Ioroi: Hmph! I will have you know that I am Ioroi, the long-lived king of bake-danuki! I simply do not put such premiums on time as you humans do.
Ioroi: I have been subsisting off reports from the little tanuki all this while, and so do not know what the outside world is like.
Ioroi: I leave Kichiboushi in your trusty hands. He is quite wise. Once he grows older, I plan to pass my titles of "Bake-Danuki King" and "Protector of the Grove" unto him.
Ioroi: Impossible. We tanuki understand human speech by nature. It is you humans who do not speak ours.
Ioroi: Mm! How goes it?
Ioroi: Mm? What's "Five Over Sixteen"? Is it something that one may eat?
Ioroi: Mmm! Even like this, I am still the Hidden Protector of the Grove, defender of Chinju Forest, and thusly appointed by Her Excellency herself! If I was not sealed in stone, I would certainly use an eight-tatami large...
Ioroi: Mmm!? What do you mean by that?
Ioroi: Mmm, so that's how it is. Not to worry. It is because you are not yet used to Kichiboushi's aura.
Ioroi: Mmmm, Dragonspine? Just thinking about that name makes my tummy feel cold. Goodness knows why that fellow wants to go there...
Ioroi: Mmph! Such impertinence! Rather, you should ask why you humans may speak to us.
Ioroi: Mmph! When you get down to it, everything is that sneaky kitsune's fault...
Ioroi: Mmph, as such, you may see that I am the greatest of them all. Naturally, speaking to you young ones is no tall order at all.
Ioroi: Mmph. Very well then. Now that I consider it, didn't someone once use our magic to make you some food?
Ioroi: Now, I may look like this, but making you a "meal" that can allow you to understand Kichiboushi's speech is hardly impossible nonetheless.
Ioroi: Now, now, don't you underestimate my culinary prowess!
Ioroi: Of course. I am Ioroi, you know — the very same who once made Sashimi Platters out of mud balls and tanuki fur to utterly deceive the Four Oni of Ogata!
Ioroi: Once upon a time, I stood at the summit of Mt. Yougou and saw a very, very high mountain on the other side of the ocean. It was possibly even taller than Mt. Yougou. I still wonder, even today, what that place was.
Ioroi: Oooh, that sounds cold... Don't let your tummy get cold now, Kichiboushi. You'll catch a cold otherwise, and if you do, you won't be able to perform using your belly drum.
Ioroi: So, please take good care of him. Make sure he doesn't catch a cold!
Ioroi: Take Kichiboushi with you. He has been quite eager to see you since the last time you played together — quite eager indeed!
Ioroi: Take it slow! The more used to his aura you are, the better you shall understand him!
Ioroi: Though I cannot move on my own power, the little children can do so. As such, I would like to ask you to take the little tanuki out to train.
Ioroi: Through the power of the bake-danuki meal made by mine own hands, you, too, may speak to the little tanuki. Go, try having a chat with Kichiboushi.
Ioroi: Treasure? Why, of course! I am the chief of five hundred and five bake-danuki, after all! Not a single one of Inazuma's treasures has ever escaped my sight.
Ioroi: Well then, neither your hands nor legs are made of stone, so you've been to many places, surely?
Ioroi: Well, it seems that communications have been established without any problems. Ah, mine "culinary" skills are as fine as ever!
Ioroi: Well. Regardless, I see you have taken goof care of the little ones. My little tanuki often say that they enjoy playing with their nice-smelling yellow-furred (Uncle/Aunt).
Ioroi: Why, when I was but a young tanuki, I too went on a pilgrimage to eighteen sites in Inazuma along the trail of the great bake-danuki Tsukumo, never once straying from the tanuki paths — only thus did I reach my present stature.
Paimon: "If there's a mountain, we shall climb it" — ah, Paimon's been waiting for a chance to say something cool like that!
Paimon: (Even though he's spent most of his time sealed in that stone statue...)
Paimon: (Ioroi really complains like some old geezer, huh?)
Paimon: (Traveler)'s referring to the percentage of stories that you're involved in, Ioroi.
Paimon: Ahem! So, uh, back on topic! Where should we go first?
Paimon: And you haven't changed at all, Ioroi — still scared of humans and stuck in a stone!
Paimon: And you'd better remember that!
Paimon: Come to think of it, how's Ioroi doing nowadays?
Paimon: Eh? Come to think of it, we're starting to get what Kichiboushi is saying, aren't we?
Paimon: Eh? Is that why you were sealed in stone?
Paimon: Hey there, Ioroi!
Paimon: Hey there, Kichiboushi! Long time no see!
Paimon: Hmm, looks like we're not completely getting through to him...
Paimon: How slow are we talking about here?
Paimon: Huh?
Paimon: Just like Paimon does with (Traveler)!
Paimon: Nope, not at all! We can't understand a thing Kichiboushi's saying!
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon knows what you mean, (Traveler)! Will there be treasure?
Paimon: Ooh, this is great!
Paimon: Paimon can smell this request coming a mile away!
Paimon: Pleased to meet you, Kichiboushi!
Paimon: That might have been praise, but Paimon sure doesn't feel good about it.
Paimon: That's awesome, Ioroi! But so, what did you make the meal we just had out of?
Paimon: That's gotta be Dragonspine, right?
Paimon: That's right, we're super good at helping!
Paimon: That's right. Most of the people we've met are good people! You got sealed because you stole that comb...
Paimon: That's true. We can't understand what Kichiboushi says, so wouldn't traveling together be kinda tough?
Paimon: Uh-huh! Dragonspine it is, then!
Paimon: Well, Ioroi, here's the thing...
Paimon: Well, at least we can kinda-sorta communicate...
Paimon: Well, forget it. Let's go find Kichiboushi and have a chat!
Paimon: What? Is that how it is?
Paimon: What? Lavender Melon? And what's "squelch squelch" supposed to mean?
Paimon: Whatever the case, (Traveler), let's go back and see Ioroi again. We are taking Kichiboushi out on a long journey, after all.
Paimon: Who're you calling White Fur?
Paimon: Why don't we go to Chinju Forest to look for him? For all we know, he might've popped out of his stone stature already!
Paimon: Woo-hoo! Food!
Paimon: Yey!
Paimon: Yup! We came right over the ocean, you know?
You and Paimon have a feast that "looks very delicious" off Ioroi's stone tummy.
You tell Ioroi about your adventures in Mondstadt and Liyue.
You tell Ioroi how the attempted interactions are going...