 "And all the offerings, too! Paimon's flying over there right now!"
 And you're getting better at dealing with then, eh, Paimon?
 Aye, we'll protect you.
Paimon: That's right! With us around, there's no way you'll be sealed, Kichiboushi!
 Best we stop misrepresenting events...
 Different people have different things they need to defend.
 Hmm, come to think of it, we have had to take care of many children...
Paimon: Exactly! Like Dusky Ming and Changchang...
 Let's not be impolite to the adepti, now.
 Let's start with the amber around here.
 Like Paimon indeed.
 Oh, treating me like a kid now, are we?
Paimon: No, no! Haven't we been accompanying kids a lot? You know, like Dusky Ming and Changchang...
 Paimon's like his granny.
Paimon: "Ooh, (Traveler), you've got to eat more. You're still growing! How will you grow unless you eat more?"
 Quest DescriptionYou agreed to Ioroi's request to "bring Kichiboushi out to train."You'll try taking him to see the places where the adepti live this time. Perhaps Mt. Hulao might be a decent choice...
 She can fly, too.
 Step Description"Don't run off by yourself, Kichiboushi! Also, remember to be polite to the adepti.""Mm, mm, sorry, Paimon. Sorry, Mon-Mon.""It's Mountain Shaper!"
 The adepti are ancient powers who defend Liyue.
 They even took us for adepti messengers...
 Though I could hardly tell...
 Would you like to help Ioroi, Kichiboushi?
"Kichiboushi": Mm. Then, help other stone tanuki too!
Paimon: But we're here with you right now, Kichiboushi. We won't let you be sealed!
 You'll figure it out once you're older, Kichiboushi.
 You're like his big sister, Paimon.
Paimon: Paimon's older than Kichiboushi. Of course Paimon's the big sister!
 Though I could hardly tell...
Paimon: Hey!
 You're like his mom, Paimon.
Paimon: What!?
"Kichiboushi": *whimpers*
"Kichiboushi": Adeptus— Adeptus—!
"Kichiboushi": Amber! Mon-Mon's amber!
"Kichiboushi": Got it, got it!
"Kichiboushi": Greedy, like Paimon.
"Kichiboushi": Hello— Mon-Mon—
"Kichiboushi": Inside amber, very scary. Dark, cannot see. Cannot talk. Cannot move. Cannot "kapow"! Like becoming stone.
"Kichiboushi": Ioroi is not adeptus, not defending Liyue. But Ioroi protects the forest. He protects tanuki.
"Kichiboushi": Ioroi is stone, but still very powerful. Can talk, can see. But cannot move.
"Kichiboushi": Is Paimon adeptus? Paimon is very powerful.
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi understands. Ioroi protects Chinju Forest, so not adeptus.
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi, almost sealed! Very scary. But Paimon calling Kichiboushi, so not so scary.
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi, go!
"Kichiboushi": Later, Ioroi and Otogi King threw them into paper and sealed them.
"Kichiboushi": Like Kichiboushi?
"Kichiboushi": Long ago, the very, very bad Four Oni of Ogata came into the forest and bullied many bake-danuki. Ioroi transformed into an official, gave them bake-danuki food to eat.
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Kichiboushi, pose for picture!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Of course! The world-famous bake-danuki, Kichiboushi!
"Kichiboushi": Mm-mm! Thank you, (Traveler). Thank you, Paimon.
"Kichiboushi": Mm. Then, help other stone tanuki too!
"Kichiboushi": Mm. Yes.
"Kichiboushi": Mm...
"Kichiboushi": Mm?
"Kichiboushi": Mmhaha! Kichiboushi, handsome!
"Kichiboushi": Mon-Mon and Clow-Clow, very powerful! They built a moving house!
"Kichiboushi": Mon-Mon, very powerful. Defends Liyue by trapping bad things.
"Kichiboushi": Not tired!
"Kichiboushi": Oh. Then Kichiboushi, not adeptus. Ioroi is adeptus!
"Kichiboushi": Ooh. Paimon, adepti use what magic?
"Kichiboushi": Paimon also pop out from nowhere! Paimon also bake-danuki?
"Kichiboushi": Paimon, what are adepti?
"Kichiboushi": They can "kapow"? Then, Kichiboushi also adeptus.
"Kichiboushi": Want to play with adepti!
"Kichiboushi": Whaaaa—!
"Kichiboushi": What is amber?
"Kichiboushi": Yey!
"Kichiboushi": ??
Kichiboushi begrudgingly admits to being tired...
Paimon: "Ooh, (Traveler), you've got to eat more. You're still growing! How will you grow unless you eat more?"
Paimon: "The Rite of Descension only happens once a year! Ahaha, I, (Traveler), am gonna have all that delicious food! Come on, Paimon, let's go!"
Paimon: ...
Paimon: ...As for what happened next, (Traveler) and Paimon went to that Liuli Pavilion place we were at earlier.
Paimon: Ah, right, Ioroi did say that some smaller tanuki were also sealed...
Paimon: Ahem. Well, when we came to Liyue...
Paimon: And this time, the lesson is... Bake-danuki and adepti might not get along.
Paimon: Argh, seems like the adeptus isn't at home...
Paimon: But either way, Paimon isn't an adeptus!
Paimon: But since we've got this adeptus' abode in front of us, let's take a picture of Kichiboushi right here!
Paimon: But we're here with you right now, Kichiboushi. We won't let you be sealed!
Paimon: But you mustn't be too naughty, either!
Paimon: Clow-Cl— Cloud Retainer really loves gourmet food as well! We had to make lots of delicious stuff before we could meet with her.
Paimon: Come to think of it, adepti are animals and bake-danuki are animals too. The adepti have their adeptal arts, and the bake-danuki can transform... Maybe the two of them can get along!
Paimon: Don't worry, it's okay. But don't run off by yourself next time, alright?
Paimon: Exactly! Like Dusky Ming and Changchang...
Paimon: Good Kichiboushi!
Paimon: Hello? Kichiboushi—!
Paimon: Hello— Mountain Shaper—!
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: Hey! Be careful, Kichiboushi! If you step on something weird, you might get trapped in amber!
Paimon: Hmm... They're very special people... Or very special animals?
Paimon: Huh, Paimon's suddenly reminded of those Treasure Hoarders who were trapped in amber...
Paimon: Huh, so there's that sort of story too. No wonder Ioroi panicked when he saw that picture of Kichiboushi.
Paimon: Kichiboushi? What's wrong?
Paimon: Let's go to Mt. Hulao and check it out!
Paimon: No response. He... didn't get stuck in amber, did he...
Paimon: No, no! Haven't we been accompanying kids a lot? You know, like Dusky Ming and Changchang...
Paimon: Oh, Paimon remembers this one. Mountain Shaper has flowers that can create amber to trap bad things that invade his land inside them.
Paimon: Okay, okay...
Paimon: Ooh, isn't this a pickle. If Kichiboushi won't be good, then Paimon doesn't know where we should go next...
Paimon: Paimon's been thinking... How do you bake-danuki just pop outta nowhere?
Paimon: Paimon's definitely learned a lot from traveling with you.
Paimon: Paimon's older than Kichiboushi. Of course Paimon's the big sister!
Paimon: Paimon's pretty sure that's not how it works, but if it clears up any misunderstandings...
Paimon: Paimon's really curious to know what Ioroi used to look like before he was sealed. He was probably a ball of fun!
Paimon: Phew! Kichiboushi really is like a child.
Paimon: Really? Maybe that's because Paimon's been traveling with you for so long! Hehe.
Paimon: Strange. Where'd he go off to?
Paimon: Thank goodness we found you! Are you alright, Kichiboushi?
Paimon: That feels like it was so long ago now. But at the same time, it wasn't, right?
Paimon: That was a great shot!
Paimon: That's Mountain Shaper to you, kiddo!
Paimon: That's a good boy! Shall we stop here for now? You must need some rest too, Kichiboushi.
Paimon: That's not it at all!
Paimon: That's right! With us around, there's no way you'll be sealed, Kichiboushi!
Paimon: That's why you've gotta train hard and become a super strong bake-danuki!
Paimon: The adepti are super powerful. For example...
Paimon: The adepti don't generally appear before people. But we can have a look around. It's pretty nice here.
Paimon: This kid's got zero humility...
Paimon: Ugh, this is pretty hard to explain.
Paimon: Uh, not exactly! They have mystical powers...
Paimon: Uhh, this is kinda complicated. That was praise, sure, but Paimon doesn't feel so good about it...
Paimon: Um, adepti are much more ancient, and they have a certain... Prestige? Dignity?
Paimon: We've got to give our next destination some thought...
Paimon: What!?
Paimon: Whoa, this little guy is fast!
You explain what happened in Liyue in simpler terms.You stop at the point where you went to seek the adepti out in Minlin.