
Paimon: ...He doesn't sound all that sincere. Or do bake-danuki just talk like that?

Paimon: Do all bake-danuki talk like this...
 A Flaming Flower, you mean?
 A super special view!
Paimon: Huh, aren't you using a couple of words too few, (Traveler)?
 Ah, the two of you possess such splendid vocabularies.
"Kichiboushi": Mm, splendid, like Paimon!
Paimon: Uh, Paimon doesn't think that's what (Traveler) means... But whatever! That's a clever boy, Kichiboushi!
 Battles are bothersome, honestly.
Paimon: That's true, but sometimes we've just got no choice, eh?
 Drawing takes a long time, you know. It's pretty tiring.
 I mean the Pyro Regisvine, of course.
 I suppose people have a desire to make something that is uniquely theirs.
Paimon: Huh, that sounds reasonable.
 Something that you draw yourself has much more sentimental value.
 I'm so-so.
 In this steaming hot place?
 Is this what you're looking for?
 It's fine. I quite like fights.
Paimon: Well... That's nice and all, but there's better hobbies out there for sure, right?
 Kameras are pretty expensive, you know.
Paimon: Eh!? Are they? Then don't we risk breaking ours by bringing it into battle, to climb mountains, swim, and such?
Paimon: Um... So, be more careful next time, okay?
 Something that you draw yourself has much more sentimental value.
 Know what, Paimon?
 Let's get going.
 Let's take the heat source out. The quicker, the better.
 Like Anemo?
 Like Cryo...
 Oh, so that's what you were intending to do.
 Quest DescriptionYou agreed to Ioroi's request to "bring Kichiboushi out to train."Paimon plans to take him to see Luhua Pool today...
 Ridiculous...
 Something that you draw yourself has much more sentimental value.
 Sorry, who now?
Paimon: Vermeer! Don't you remember the time we helped him place those glowing pearls into two giant statues?
 Step Description"Why big flower spout fire?""Uh... It's afraid of the cold! Probably..."
 Vermeer, you mean?
Paimon: That's right! That's him! Didn't we help him place those glowing pearls into two giant statues?
 We could take Kichiboushi to see a "very big Flaming Flower."
 We've fought this sort of thing enough times by now.
 When it's self-defense...
 When you need to protect others...
 When you need to stand up for what's right...
 You can draw, Paimon?
 You two sound like you could be siblings.
Paimon: But it is very special, isn't it? How would you describe it, (Traveler)?
 Like Cryo...
 Like Anemo?
Paimon: What's that even supposed to mean?
 You're not wrong, but it's still way too hot in here...
"Kichiboushi": (Traveler) and Paimon fight often?
"Kichiboushi": (Traveler), so strong!
"Kichiboushi": (Traveler), want fire flower. Thanks.
(Give Flaming Flower Stamen)
"Kichiboushi": (Traveler), wants! Thank you.
"Kichiboushi": But Paimon can flip-flap. Legs won't be sore.
"Kichiboushi": Drawing... But drawing is very hard. Watched Utamarou draw. Took very long for one drawing.
"Kichiboushi": Eh? But... if people have photo, why drawing?
"Kichiboushi": If we had a Flaming Flower at Dragonspine, would be good!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Very alike! Is it photo?
"Kichiboushi": Mm, splendid, like Paimon!
"Kichiboushi": Mm.
"Kichiboushi": Mm...
"Kichiboushi": Mm... Not really understanding, but I promise Paimon. No bullying weak people, no picking fights.
"Kichiboushi": Mm... Okay...
"Kichiboushi": Mm... Then is taking photos of me easy, not-hard, and not-sentimental?
"Kichiboushi": Mm?
"Kichiboushi": Mmmm...
"Kichiboushi": Ooh, fire flower!
"Kichiboushi": Ooh.. So hot...
"Kichiboushi": Paimon, if we had a very big flower, could we make the snowy mountain have no snow?
"Kichiboushi": So big! So hot! Amazing to have big fire flower!
"Kichiboushi": So much water, super special colors, mm!
"Kichiboushi": So warm.
"Kichiboushi": So when freed from seal, a long time later, legs very sore.
"Kichiboushi": Then when is fighting okay?
"Kichiboushi": Understood. Photo, good. So... hot...
"Kichiboushi": When I become great bake-danuki, will become as strong as (Traveler).
"Kichiboushi": When I was sealed in stone, always standing.
"Kichiboushi": Why do people drawing when they have photo?
"Kichiboushi": Yes! Looks very warming.
"Kichiboushi": Yes, Paimon?
Paimon: ...He doesn't sound all that sincere. Or do bake-danuki just talk like that?
Paimon: Alright then, guess that's Kichiboushi's training for today!
Paimon: And that's why we chose to take photos instead! It's not that we don't care. It's precisely because we care about you that we decided to save time!
Paimon: But it is very special, isn't it? How would you describe it, (Traveler)?
Paimon: But this place really is special. (Traveler), do you still remember that artist from before?
Paimon: Can you imagine if we had to draw you?
Paimon: Come to think of it, the goal of our journey is to help you find your lost relative, but we always wind up in fights along the way.
Paimon: Do all bake-danuki talk like this...
Paimon: Do you want one, Kichiboushi?
Paimon: Don't be like that big, fiery, flower that started spewing flames the moment it saw (Traveler)!
Paimon: Eh!? Are they? Then don't we risk breaking ours by bringing it into battle, to climb mountains, swim, and such?
Paimon: Eh!? N—No, that's not it, we just...
Paimon: Eh? Wait, you mean...
Paimon: Ergh, that sounds very painful...
Paimon: Hang on a moment, Kichiboushi. Let's take a photo of you!
Paimon: He even gave us a painting afterward!
Paimon: He's got a point. We should probably have gone better prepared...
Paimon: Hehe, guess you know now, eh, Kichiboushi?
Paimon: Hey now! Floating's a full-body exercise. It's super tiring!
Paimon: Hey, are you listening, or what?
Paimon: Huh, aren't you using a couple of words too few, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Huh, that sounds reasonable.
Paimon: Huh. Actually, why is that, (Traveler)?
Paimon: It should be... here! Come have a look, Kichiboushi!
Paimon: Next up... Huh, this should be the final stop out of the eight that Ioroi set down...
Paimon: No, someone drew this.
Paimon: Paimon can learn!
Paimon: P—Probably not...
Paimon: Right? Ooh, also...
Paimon: That's a good boy, Kichiboushi!
Paimon: That's right! If we spend too long drawing, your legs might fall asleep on you from all that standing still.
Paimon: That's right! That's him! Didn't we help him place those glowing pearls into two giant statues?
Paimon: That's the whole point!
Paimon: That's true, Chinju Forest doesn't have any Flaming Flowers at all...
Paimon: That's true, but sometimes we've just got no choice, eh?
Paimon: That's true, drawing something out brushstroke by brushstroke is pretty hard!
Paimon: Then you'd better ask (Traveler) nicely!
Paimon: This is a super special view, isn't it?
Paimon: This place has a great view, though. Really makes Paimon wanna draw!
Paimon: Uh, Paimon doesn't think that's what (Traveler) means... But whatever! That's a clever boy, Kichiboushi!
Paimon: Um... So, be more careful next time, okay?
Paimon: Vermeer! Don't you remember the time we helped him place those glowing pearls into two giant statues?
Paimon: Well, why don't we bring Kichiboushi to Luhua Pool? It might be nice to have a break.
Paimon: Well, why don't we bring Kichiboushi to Luhua Pool? It might be nice to have a break. [sic]
Paimon: Well... Ahem! Even if you become a powerful bake-danuki like Ioroi, promise that you won't bully those weaker than you, or pick fights whenever you want!
Paimon: Well... That's nice and all, but there's better hobbies out there for sure, right?
Paimon: What's that even supposed to mean?
Paimon: You can do it for sure! But you've got to promise Paimon...