 A pleasant surprise?
 Are you sure of your conclusions?
 As long as the book is accurate, of course.
 As long as your estimations are on point, of course.
 Feels like par for the course, somehow.
 Honestly, you've got me pretty excited, too!
 How about asking Sucrose?
Timaeus: Sucrose is far beyond me in her understanding of alchemy, yes, but her field of expertise is essentially unrelated to the Smoldersleet Elixir...
Timaeus: Also, she's usually very busy. I wouldn't want to disturb her...
 I don't exactly need external help to become stronger...
 It really does perk you up.
 Let's help advance his academic career a little...
 No need to be so polite...
 Quest DescriptionTimaeus, the alchemist from Mondstadt, is currently troubled by a certain research topic...
 Regarding the meaning of that poem...
 Secrets?
 That is pretty amazing.
 That sounds really expensive...
 Well, can't say I didn't come mentally prepared.
 Well, in for one Mora, in for the lot...
 Well, we do need that Crafting Bench...
 Who knows, you might make some unexpected gains.
 You could ask Lisa.
Timaeus: Ms. Lisa is currently sorting out the book collection that library has within its walls. It's frighteningly hard work, so I hear... and I doubt she would be any less frightening if we disturbed her.
Timaeus: Whatever the case, we should, ah, probably not bother her.
 You sure your research funds will hold, Timaeus?
Brother Qian: Aren't only big shot artisans called something fancy like an "artificer?" I'm afraid someone of my station wouldn't know anyone like that.
Brother Qian: Elixir what now? I've never heard of such a person...
Hongyi: I'm sorry, but I'm not very familiar with the nicknames that my neighbors have, only their proper recorded names.
Hongyi: Perhaps you could ask Ying'er from Scent of Spring.
Paimon: A decade? That's awesome!
Paimon: Actually, Ms. Ying'er, we're here to pay the Elixir Artificer a visit. Do you know where we can find this person?
Paimon: Alright, guess we're helping him!
Paimon: Better watch out, because Paimon's gonna eat every signature dish at Wanmin Restaurant. You can't ever get enough of those, that's for sure!
Paimon: But you know, that name's not all that different from Smoldersleet Elixir...
Paimon: B—But it has such a cool name! And the book said that it could make people stronger...
Paimon: Hello there! Do you know the Elixir Artificer who lives around here?
Paimon: Hey there! We're looking for the Elixir Artificer of Chihu Rock. Would you know where he lives?
Paimon: Hmmm, you do have a point...
Paimon: Huh. Well, let's go ask someone else.
Paimon: Let's leave them alone for a while, shall we?
Paimon: Like Albedo?
Paimon: Liyue, huh... That's a long way out.
Paimon: Never mind medicines or becoming stronger, Paimon just wants some good food!
Paimon: Oh boy, Paimon's got a funny feeling about this already...
Paimon: Oh yeah, that makes sense! Ms. Ying'er should totally be familiar with what's going on around here. Let's just go ask her!
Paimon: Ooh, great idea! Paimon's in!
Paimon: Paimon feels like this situation is about to take an unexpected turn...
Paimon: Really? It's a deal, then!
Paimon: Since Ms. Ying'er's agreed to help, why not give it a go?
Paimon: Smoldersleet Elixir? Paimon's never heard that one before...
Paimon: So let Paimon get this straight: Timaeus' reference material bragged about the perfume's effects, and then he misread the poem, resulting in his believing that this Smoldersleet Elixir is some super powerful alchemical medicine?
Paimon: So that's how it is!
Paimon: That smells great! Paimon feels refreshed and energized already!
Paimon: That's true. Things might have developed weirdly, but you did get pretty far using your own understanding, Timaeus.
Paimon: That's... unexpected!
Paimon: Timaeus? What are you doing, and why're you looking all serious?
Paimon: Wait a minute! Does this mean that Ms. Ying'er *is* the Elixir Artificer?
Paimon: Wait! Then doesn't that leave us without any options?
Paimon: Well, here's Chihu Rock! Let's go have a look around!
Paimon: What do you say, (Traveler)? Should we help him out?
Paimon: Wow, there's no place in this academic mumbo-jumbo for the likes of us, huh...
Paimon: You're a really positive guy, huh, Timaeus?
Timaeus: *sigh* It seems that my current techniques are insufficient to create the Smoldersleet Elixir. Looks like we'll need the help of a specialist...
Timaeus: ...Sublimate, you say?
Timaeus: A perfume? Isn't that some sort of solid spice?
Timaeus: According to my estimations, my understanding of alchemy will advance by at least a decade if I prove able to synthesize this Elixir!
Timaeus: According to the author, the Smoldersleet Elixir originates in Liyue, and it can cause the strength of its user to multiply. Its efficacy is unmatched as well... I believe that it must be the work of powerful alchemy.
Timaeus: Aerosolized medication can affect both the user and the environment, granting them more obvious effects than ordinary essential oils!
Timaeus: Agh, so close... C'mon, Timaeus, you can do this! You're going to create your first Smoldersleet Elixir within the next nine hours!
Timaeus: Agh... I failed again, and I did a ton of fruitless work to boot!
Timaeus: Alchemy is a most fascinating science. As we seek to uncover the techniques of the ancients, we are also consulting with the research of our contemporaries, constantly evolving and improving.
Timaeus: Also, she's usually very busy. I wouldn't want to disturb her...
Timaeus: But that book mentioned many of the curious effects of the Smoldersleet Elixir. Honestly, I was left speechless as I read them...
Timaeus: Consulting this Artificer, then, is our most effective solution.
Timaeus: Creating alchemical potions of a high quality also requires similarly strict controls.
Timaeus: Don't worry! The author of this book is a genuine genius. They've written all manner of acclaimed essays, to boot.
Timaeus: Don't worry. Compared to the fruits of my research— uh, I mean, a little Mora is nothing compared to the favor I owe the two of you for helping me!
Timaeus: Even if I can't produce some miracle medicine, improving the alchemical remedies we have currently is an accomplishment nonetheless!
Timaeus: Fine control over the sublimation speeds should allow such agents to last longer than essential oils as well.
Timaeus: How could this be...
Timaeus: I can usually grasp what I'm reading. This is just a blip!
Timaeus: I get it! Actually, this aspect of making ancient perfumes is exactly what I'm looking for!
Timaeus: I might even be able to become his assistant and stay with him at his encampment permanently, researching topics of even greater difficulty.
Timaeus: I'll remain here for a while longer to continue my discussions with Ms. Ying'er. Once I get your feedback, I'll make some improvements to the Smoldersleet Potion.
Timaeus: I've heard that Liyue has some domains in which no one sets foot. I reckon those would be ideal testing grounds!
Timaeus: If Mr. Albedo found out that I couldn't even make medicine, then it's all the more unlikely that he'll ever acknowledge me...
Timaeus: If the two of you could lend me a hand, I'm sure that my research will be completed with ease and produce results that Mr. Albedo will acknowledge!
Timaeus: It could still use some improvement in its current form, so could I trouble you to test its effects for me?
Timaeus: It's a success! I finally succeeded in combining ancient perfume-making with alchemical agents!
Timaeus: It's you two! It's been a while, hasn't it?
Timaeus: Its effects should be more obvious in areas where the air flow is gentle.
Timaeus: Let me look at that map... the southern part of Liyue Harbor is known as Chihu Rock, right? That's where we'll find our Elixir Artificer, I'll wager.
Timaeus: Let's call them "Smoldersleet Potions," then! They're a combination of your perfume-making techniques and the features of alchemical potions together — a unique blend that will go down in history for sure!
Timaeus: Let's set off immediately!
Timaeus: Like for example: this elixir is said to "re-invoke the radiant dignity within." Doesn't that mean that it's capable of unlocking a person's inner power and potential, Ms. Ying'er?
Timaeus: Ms. Lisa is currently sorting out the book collection that library has within its walls. It's frighteningly hard work, so I hear... and I doubt she would be any less frightening if we disturbed her.
Timaeus: Ms. Ying'er, I must say that your choice of words is most, ah, unique! Nonetheless, I understand what you mean.
Timaeus: Ms. Ying'er, Traveler, let's head to the nearest Crafting Bench.
Timaeus: No! Out of the question! Isn't that the same as asking your exam proctor for the answers!?
Timaeus: Not exactly. Our help lies not in Mondstadt... but in Liyue.
Timaeus: Of course! In fact, we could keep going for days and nights on end — as long as you don't mind, of course!
Timaeus: Of course! Please have faith in my analytic capabilities!
Timaeus: Oh yes, I've heard that Liyue cuisine is very delicious. Once this is over, we can just eat there.
Timaeus: Once I'm done synthesizing the Smoldersleet Elixir, you shall be the first to enjoy its miraculous effects. Believe you me, you'll be stronger in a blink of an eye!
Timaeus: So in the end, my research was based on incorrect arguments!
Timaeus: So word-by-word analysis doesn't work in this case?
Timaeus: So, would you two mind accompanying me to Liyue? I'm... honestly not too familiar with that place.
Timaeus: Sorry, I'm currently trying to make Smoldersleet Elixir. I'll be occupying this Crafting Bench in the meantime, I'm afraid.
Timaeus: Sucrose is far beyond me in her understanding of alchemy, yes, but her field of expertise is essentially unrelated to the Smoldersleet Elixir...
Timaeus: Sure, the feeling is quite different from Mr. Albedo, but there's that same inscrutable aura!
Timaeus: Thank you both so much! I'll find an appropriate way to repay you for sure!
Timaeus: Thank you so much, Ms. Ying'er. If not for your expert instruction, there's no way I would have grasped these concepts and made these medicines so easily!
Timaeus: That can't be... Was the essay I read mistaken? Or was my understanding of the poem in error?
Timaeus: That's even easier! Once we finish this task, I'll provide you with the appropriate remuneration and invite you to a restaurant of your choice for a hearty meal!
Timaeus: That's why I seek out all manner of texts — to uncover what help they may be to my study of alchemy.
Timaeus: The "scented wind" is synonymous with the "south wind" in Liyue, so this Elixir Artificer who made our Smoldersleet Elixir must be someone who lives in the southern area of Liyue Harbor.
Timaeus: The Elixir is highly regarded in Liyue, and is said to "re-invoke the radiant dignity within"...
Timaeus: The raw materials must be handled carefully and placed into the container in the right order. The timing of immersing them into the base fluid must be precise so that we can better control the temperature...
Timaeus: The text that I read mentions that "The artificer amidst quiet doors hides, the scented wind in the harbor abides."
Timaeus: Then you have my thanks.
Timaeus: This is a sort of mysterious medicine that has emerged of late. I only just discovered it, unexpectedly, in a certain academic tome.
Timaeus: To think that the Elixir Artificer would be so young...
Timaeus: Traveler, as promised, you shall be the very first user of the Smoldersleet Potion.
Timaeus: Uh... *cough*
Timaeus: Well, uh, let's get back on topic!
Timaeus: Whatever the case, we should, ah, probably not bother her.
Timaeus: Yes, yes, this direction is very promising indeed!
Timaeus: You're right. Alchemy, too, is a deep science, and this isn't my first failure either. I've got to push through this!
Under Ying'er's direction, Timaeus tries making an improved alchemical agent.
Ying'er: Ah, but I must say, that really was high praise...
Ying'er: Ah, looking at your flustered faces, you must have some cares that need lifting. Come now, let's be direct, shall we?
Ying'er: Ah, so this alchemist is doing research into this wondrous Smoldersleet Elixir...
Ying'er: Ah, you're quite the bright spark, aren't you? But that's not all.
Ying'er: As such, people gave that ancient perfume of mine a suitably poetic name before writing a simple poem to praise its efficacy.
Ying'er: But I must say that it's a pleasant surprise that you're digging into my deepest secrets like this.
Ying'er: But this effect cannot be too strong, or the perfume will not endure long.
Ying'er: Don't grip your mortar and pestle too tightly. Loose wrists, steady rhythm. Up and down, up and down...
Ying'er: Growing ever smarter, I see. How adorable!
Ying'er: Hehe, I suspect that must have been a result of the perfume's popularity.
Ying'er: I'm afraid that I am about to disappoint you.
Ying'er: Not that I blame you, of course. Poetry requires deep study, and it is quite different from the analysis of data and numbers. We are not meant to look at the words in isolation, but as a whole.
Ying'er: Now, now, don't get so down.
Ying'er: Now, the making of ancient perfumes is quite the delicate process.
Ying'er: Oh dear. Actually, this phrase refers to a person's demeanor and temperament. What it really means is that the ancient perfume allows people to appear refreshed and radiant.
Ying'er: Oh my, how you flatter me~
Ying'er: Oh my, you've got your foot in another boat already, I see. Ah, I must admit, I'm a little disappointed...
Ying'er: Oh, come now. Too much humility will make you come off as shallow and overly polite. It was your own knowledge and discernment that proved key to your success.
Ying'er: Oh, so glad to see that I'm finally on your mind. And you've brought a friend, too! Here to keep me company, perhaps?
Ying'er: Perhaps the ancient arts of producing perfume might give you a little inspiration and allow you to break through this final bottleneck in producing the medicine you desire?
Ying'er: The "Smoldersleet Elixir" you seek is just an ancient perfume that is my specialty. It has nothing to do with alchemy.
Ying'er: The ancient writers once emphasized the virtues of "edification through immersion" — that is to say that human temperament and character can be affected by being steeped in aromas and lovely scents.
Ying'er: The sublimation effect of certain perfumes must be given utmost care. As such, suitable auxiliary materials, such as Mint and Starconch, must be added.
Ying'er: There's still a lot to learn in the field of perfumes and essential oils. Would you like to hear it?
Ying'er: They do say that "the path between mountains leads to new trails, and even the withered wood shall sprout anew"...
Ying'er: Think of your movements as a lover's caress. Gently peel the bud open, remove the petals, and stack them with care.
Ying'er: Thinner petals on top, thicker ones below, leaving appropriate gaps between each, then mash them...
Ying'er: This way, the perfume's scent will diffuse quickly, allowing everyone around to relax.
Ying'er: Those who have used my ancient perfume find themselves becoming magnetic, confident, their relations ever improving, their careers ever climbing, their sailing ever smooth...
Ying'er: Titillating mysteries are fascinating things, like a lovely silhouette seen through a window screen. So too, do books that record street rumors require a certain artistic license.
Ying'er: Wait until the petal sap has oozed out and the base of your mortar and pestle are moist before speeding up.
Ying'er: We'll be waiting for good news from you~
Ying'er: Well then... Won't you give the fruit of your ardent labor a name?
Ying'er: Why, it's almost as if they had truly used an adepti elixir.
You and Timaeus explain his research into the Smoldersleet Elixir.
You assist Timaeus in his attempt to create the legendary Smoldersleet Elixir...