 Are you alright?
 Back with the meat, yes.
 Got it right here.
 I could do that, no problem.
 I've got you covered.
 Is something wrong?
 No, he should be alright.
 Quest DescriptionBrook from Springvale wants to create a new dish during the Windblume Festival.
 So, about the ingredients Brook wants...
 So, what're you going to do about Brook's commission?
 Sure thing.
 Sure.
 What's the matter?
 You can count on me.
Allan: *sigh* Ah, Draff is going to give me an earful again, I just know it...
(Obtain Fresh Raw Meat ×1)
Allan: But I got careless while pursuing the boar and alerted the nearby monsters by mistake.
Allan: Could you deliver the meat to Brook, Traveler? I need to go into the city and get my wounds treated at the Cathedral first...
Allan: I got what I came for, but I was also surrounded by monsters...
Allan: I never thought that hunting one forest boar could get this hairy...
Allan: I... I'm saved... Thank you so much.
Allan: Oh, did Brook send you? Well, I do have the fresh Raw Meat she wants with me.
Brook: Actually, I was planning to create a new dish based on the theme of the Windblume Festival — specifically, the "taste of the wind," and I'm currently preparing the necessary ingredients.
Brook: Ah, right. This is for you. Please consider it my thanks for your help.
Brook: Ah, yes, here's something. Take it as thanks for your help.
Brook: Ah, you're back. Have you brought the Raw Meat with you?
Brook: And when we're talking about that... We can only be speaking of "Dandelion Seeds."
Brook: At this rate, my ingredients won't be fresh any longer. Could you help me go to Brightcrown Canyon to see what the situation's like?
Brook: But how should we prepare this food such that it will take up the "taste of the wind"?
Brook: But if we only do that, I feel that the result wouldn't be much different from any normal meat-based cuisine. We need some sort of decisive condiment.
Brook: Cooking, frying... Hmm, no, perhaps we should place the original flavor of the ingredients front and center, before scattering the Dandelion Seeds on once the dish is ready...
Brook: Could you help me gather some Dandelion Seeds, Traveler?
Brook: Do you have the Dandelion Seeds ready?
(Opens the submission screen)
Brook: Great! I'll leave it to you then. I'm going to prepare this meat in the meantime. Once you've gathered those Dandelion Seeds, just bring them straight back to me.
Brook: Great, I'm counting on you, then. I'll continue to ponder my recipe here.
Brook: Have you gotten the Slime Condensate and Dandelion Seeds ready?
(Opens the submission screen)
Brook: Hmm, let me see... It does seem very fresh indeed. I think this will do. This meat will serve as our main ingredient... Now we just need some condiment that brings out the "taste of the wind"...
Brook: However, that adventurer ─ Schuster was his name, I think ─ has yet to return...
Brook: I commissioned Allan to help me go to Brightcrown Canyon to hunt for the freshest meat, but he hasn't returned yet, even after so long...
Brook: I may have lost to her the last time, but this time, I will create a dish that has the "taste of the wind." Then I'll take it and ask her for a rematch!
Brook: I specially commissioned an adventurer to help me go to Dragonspine and obtain some Chilled Meat for this dish.
Brook: I've heard of Chilled Meat from other chefs as well. It's said that this type of meat has a unique flavor...
Brook: I've heard that Dragonspine is a very dangerous place. I wonder if he might have run into some trouble... Could you help me search for him?
Brook: I've never used such strange and curious ingredients before... However amazing dishes require equally unique ingredients.
Brook: Oh right! That's it! In truth, I've actually met Xiangling a few more times since our contest, and I heard about a dish known as Mushroom Slime Stew from her.
Brook: Oh, that's great! Wait... what about Schuster? He isn't in trouble, is he?
Brook: Oh, you're back.
Brook: Speaking of that, this Chilled Meat really is different from normal meat. Perhaps a dish made from it really will have that certain... boom shaka-laka...
Brook: Still, I think that Dandelion Seeds will be needed to make something that bears the "taste of the wind".
Brook: Thank you. Everything's ready now.
Brook: Thanks for your willingness to help. Make sure to light some fires to keep warm. Dragonspine is very cold, after all.
Brook: Thanks! I'll let you try out my new dish once you return!
Brook: That's good. It's good that nothing serious happened. Once I've finished this dish, I should bring him a serving too, I think.
Brook: The memories of our culinary duel are still fresh in my mind.
Brook: This dish must evoke the Windblume Festival somehow...
Brook: Traveler, if I might trouble you again, could you help me look for some Slime Condensate and some Dandelion Seeds?
Brook: Why isn't he here yet...
Brook: With these ingredients, I hope to make a dish that has some of that boom-shaka-laka...
Brook: With this Chilled Meat and these two ingredients, I will surely be able to make a dish with true boom-shaka-laka!
Brook: Wonderful. Now we can truly begin. Thank you so much.
Brook: You're... Oh, I remember you. You were Xiangling's assistant, weren't you?
Terrified Schuster: A little warmer, that's for sure. I'll be fine... I was originally commissioned to come here to obtain some Chilled Meat...
Terrified Schuster: Ah, so Brook sent you to find me, huh... *sigh* She must be beside herself right now, I imagine. But as it stands I haven't the energy to travel all the way to give her this meat...
Terrified Schuster: C—Can someone... Can someone help me make a fire?
Terrified Schuster: C—Cold... Why is it s—so cold...
Terrified Schuster: I started out trying to look for some on the outskirts of Dragonspine, but as I walked, I misplaced my tinder — and that was before I also got lost by mistake...
Terrified Schuster: I'm so sorry to ask this of you, Traveler, but could you help me deliver this Chilled Meat to her?
Terrified Schuster: If you hadn't arrived, I don't know what I would've done. You have my thanks.
Terrified Schuster: I—I've been revived...
Terrified Schuster: Thank you so much. As for me, I need to head down that campsite in the foothills to get a bowl of hot soup...
(Obtain High-Quality Chilled Meat)
Terrified Schuster: Y—You lit the fire... Th—Thank you, good-hearted traveler... Thank you...