 I'll give it some consideration.
 I'm (Traveler).
 Never heard of such a thing.
 Oh, no, no, have a nice day.
 Quest DescriptionYou have received no commissions from Katheryne, nor do you have appointments with any friends. And yet, in the darkness, a golden light leads you to a small island in the middle of the ocean. How strange. What in the world happened?
 Wait, what?
Borrowed Advertisement Board: All are welcome to participate.
Borrowed Advertisement Board: Attention, all:
Borrowed Advertisement Board: The hot-blooded, cold-blooded, steel-blooded contest of warriors that I, Yasuhiko Tarou, have organized is presently underway!
Paimon: C'mon, that's no use at all! No one's gonna see that, much less come over!
Paimon: Huh, so people actually joined. That's odd. Speaking of which, Paimon can't quite remember why you came here either, (Traveler)...
Paimon: Paimon has no idea what world you live in.
Paimon: Where did you put them up?
Yasuhiko Tarou: Good, I've written it down. May I ask if you are willing to put your honor as a warrior on the line?
Yasuhiko Tarou: Have you not heard of the "Clash of Lone Blades"?
Yasuhiko Tarou: Hehe. But still, would you be willing to take part?
Yasuhiko Tarou: Here.
Yasuhiko Tarou: Hmph! This is all the Yashiro Commission's fault, what with their "no weapons or fighting during the Irodori Festival" nonsense. I applied to organize duels on Ritou, but they refused, and wouldn't let me put up advertisements, either.
Yasuhiko Tarou: If you can defeat each of the four challengers, you will receive a reward, as a matter of course.
Yasuhiko Tarou: Might I ask for your name?
Yasuhiko Tarou: Mm? Are you not, then, a warrior who has come forth to take part in this contest?
Yasuhiko Tarou: So I could only put the arena here and place the sign nearby.
Yasuhiko Tarou: That can't be, I should have put up notices.
Yasuhiko Tarou: That said, we have already had 4 applicants. If we also include you, that makes 5.
Yasuhiko Tarou: The way I see it, you were able to find this place without any prior hints. This must mean that you are a warrior with a formidable spirit indeed.
Yasuhiko Tarou: Those who hanker after martial prowess will always be attracted to one another. This is the way of the world — and there is little need to be surprised by it.
Yasuhiko Tarou: Well then, please do take your time.