
(Attempt to pick them before the optimal time)
 Are you planning to go pick some more?
 Are you so busy around this time every year?
 Got 'em right here.
 Quest DescriptionThe festival is in full swing, Zhi of Qingce Village is trying to remedy a herb-related predicament...
 We can help.
 What would you like to wish for?
 Why don't you just get a prescription from Bubu Pharmacy?
Ms. Bai: Oh, allow me to take care of these herbs. Once I'm finished, you can take them back and start concocting the medicine.
Paimon: Did these slimes swallow our herbs!? Zhi said that the Calla Lilies here have the best medicinal effects...
Paimon: Hmm... Zhi wanted us to pick Lotus Heads between midnight and 06:00, right? We'll have to wait for the right time.
(At the optimal time)
Paimon: Let's hope these Calla Lilies can still be used...
Paimon: That should do it! Let's take these Lotus Heads back.
Paimon: There's nothing for it, let's take these slimes out and reclaim the Calla Lilies!
Paimon: Wait a second... now doesn't seem to be right time to be picking Lotus Heads.
Paimon: We've finally found what we need! Hmm, this sure is a unique flower...
Paimon: Well, we've finally got our Calla Lilies.
Paimon: Wow, that's a lot of slimes. Wait... Where are the Calla Lilies? Paimon doesn't see a single one around here...
Zhi: Alright, thanks for your help. I'll go to process these herbs now, and then I'll prepare my Xiao Lantern.
Zhi: Another is Calla Lily, which can be found along riverbanks. They can be used to regulate one's hydration.
Zhi: Being busy for these few days every year is not a problem. Besides, things have already been much easier this year thanks to all your help.
Zhi: Bubu Pharmacy is much too far away. It's a long walk from here to Liyue Harbor.
Zhi: But wishes lose effect if you say them out loud, so you're not getting anything more out of me.
Zhi: Calla Lilies that grow by the riverbanks are the best quality, so that's where I get mine whenever I can. Calla Lilies found elsewhere pale in comparison in terms of medicinal value...
Zhi: Eh? You'd really do that? That would be great! I was actually starting to stress about how long this would take me by myself...
Zhi: Especially for the children and elderly folks who live in Qingce Village. The journey might be manageable for an adventurer like you, but not for them.
Zhi: Finally, I'll need some Lotus Heads from the nearby pool. When made into medicine, they can be used to calm the nerves and strengthen the heart. You must be quite particular about when you pick them, though. Get them between midnight and six in the morning for the best effect.
Zhi: Hmm, we're still running a bit low on herbs...
Zhi: Hmm... For everyone in Qingce Village to stay in good health? Yeah, I'll probably wish for something like that.
Zhi: I almost forgot to release one last year. Have to make sure I don't forget this time...
Zhi: I'll chat with you later, I still have to gather some more herbs, and then I've got to bring them back to have them processed...
Zhi: I'll leave those three herbs to you, I still need to deal with other herbs here.
Zhi: In previous years, I'd have to spend many days gathering herbs, to say nothing of the amount of time it would take to make the medicine...
Zhi: Let me see... I think I still need three different types of herbs...
Zhi: Nothing particularly potent, of course, just the usual stuff used for treating fevers or indigestion.
Zhi: Of course, if someone were to come down with something serious, then we'd have no choice but to get a proper prescription from Bubu Pharmacy... Let's hope that doesn't happen...
Zhi: One of them is Qingxin, which grows on mountain peaks. It is both nourishing and good for digestion.
Zhi: Thank you. Now, I just need to find a way of making the medicine a little sweeter, otherwise, there's no way the kids will be willing to take it...
Zhi: Thanks for all your help. I've also asked Ms. Bai to help me with handling the herbs. Let's go and take them to the mill.
Zhi: That's why I like to prepare some herbal remedies for minor maladies in advance.
Zhi: These are for you — thanks for your help today.
Zhi: Yes, I was just about to head out. I always like to prepare a little more medicine than usual around this time each year.
Zhi: Yes, more or less. There aren't many young people in Qingce Village these days, so we have to help out wherever we can.
Zhi: You're back! Were you able to find the herbs I asked for?