 ...
 ...Family...
 About Qingzhou and Mr. Bohuan...
 About the Xiao Lanterns with Mr. Bohuan's calligraphy...
 An adventurer using a wind glider.
Qingzhou: Hmm... Wrong answer. You may wish to give it some more thought.
(Repeats the riddle)
 Are the lantern riddles supposed to help you with that?
 Baron Bunny.
Qingzhou: Hmm... Wrong answer. You may wish to give it some more thought.
(Repeats the riddle)
 Boiled Fish.
Qingzhou: Hmm... Wrong answer. You may wish to give it some more thought.
(Repeats the riddle)
 Dandelions.
Qingzhou: Hmm... Wrong answer. You may wish to give it some more thought.
(Repeats the riddle)
 Firecrackers.
Qingzhou: Correct! You've guessed right. Haha, it must have been a fairly simple one. Bamboo tube, powered stone, burns in the night...
 Have you seen Qingzhou by any chance?
 He's not with you?
 I didn't see him...
 I feel like you're constantly busy during the festival season...
 I feel like you're never done...
 I see that you're all set up.
 Kites.
Qingzhou: Correct! You've guessed right. You have to "ride the wind" if you want to get as high as Jueyun...
 Lantern... what?
 Paimon.
Qingzhou: Hmm... Wrong answer. You may wish to give it some more thought.
(Repeats the riddle)
 Quest DescriptionWang'ya has something to say to you at Wangshu Inn...
 So, about your poetic inspiration...
 So... What happened?
 Still remember your competition with Vermeer?
 These Xiao Lanterns...
 Vermeer has probably already...
 What about your competition with Vermeer?
 What about... your family?
 What are you going to do?
 What are you up to?
 What kind of material could you possibly find here?
 What reasons, exactly?
 Who knew you had it in you...
 Why don't you go home?
 Xiao Lantern.
Qingzhou: Correct! You've guessed right.
 Xiao Lanterns.
Qingzhou: Hmm... Wrong answer. You may wish to give it some more thought.
(Repeats the riddle)
(Repeats the riddle)
Granny Ruoxin: Many thanks for your wonderful calligraphy, a good calligrapher is hard to come by.
Granny Ruoxin: Mm... Not bad! In fact, your calligraphy is the best I've ever seen.
Hanfeng, "Cold Blade": He said... that they were going out to play some games. Odd, isn't it? You wouldn't expect such a renowned poet to entertain children that way...
Hanfeng, "Cold Blade": Hello. Can I help you with something?
Hanfeng, "Cold Blade": If you're looking for Qingzhou, head out that way. He took some children out to play a game.
Hanfeng, "Cold Blade": Is it ready? Let me see...
Hanfeng, "Cold Blade": Oh my! This is lovely! That gentleman is blessed with amazing talent...
Hanfeng, "Cold Blade": Qingzhou? Yes, I've seen him. He just passed by here with a bunch of children.
Hanfeng, "Cold Blade": You shouldn't have too much trouble finding him. Just go that way.
Lantern Riddle: "A bamboo tube with powdered stone. Burns in the night as bright as the sun."
Lantern Riddle: "But if my string is broken, I flail and plummet into oblivion."
Lantern Riddle: "It roars like thunder, very frightening. But it summons ash instead of lightning."
Lantern Riddle: "Pitch black sea marks the end of its flight. Within its body hides resplendent light."
Lantern Riddle: "Rock-hard flesh and bamboo bones. Lives in the city with thousands of clones."
Lantern Riddle: "Watch me rise from Wanmin and ride the wind to Jueyun."
Little Liu: *sigh* I wouldn't have thought about it at all...
Little Liu: I wonder what Uncle Qingzhou's next riddle will be...
Little Liu: My friends say that you should always get some "loot" for guessing the right answer... This can be your "loot."
(Obtain Bird Egg ×1)
Little Liu: Ohh, so it was Xiao Lanterns. But what the heck are the "Verses of Equilibrium"...
Little Liu: One more, one more! I'll definitely get it this time!
Little Liu: Ugh, this is soooo haaaard...
Little Liu: Wow, you're so smart! So... you should take this gift!
Little You: ...Oh, I guess it must be. How did you get that, though? You must be super smart.
Little You: And I... also wanna try.
Little You: Hmm, string... Where does that fit in...
Little You: I... I'll try my hardest...
Little You: Ohhhh, a kite...
Little You: Since you solved the riddle, here's your reward.
(Obtain Potato ×1)
Little You: What? How does that work... Hmm...
Little Zuo: ...Ohhhh! Of course!!! How did I not get that...
Little Zuo: Bamboo tube... powdered stone... What does it mean?
Little Zuo: Firecrackers! How did I not think of that...
Little Zuo: I'm definitely gonna solve this one.
Little Zuo: Since you solved the riddle, here's your reward.
(Obtain Frog ×1)
Little Zuo: This time... This time I'll crack it, too.
Master Lu: Ah, that poet? I saw him earlier with some kids who were following him around.
Master Lu: I wish I could tell you more. Perhaps other villagers will be of more help.
Master Lu: It's done? Let me take a look...
Master Lu: That's quite something! A fine piece of writing!
Master Lu: Welcome to Fanmu Carpenter's! Anything you'd like to order?
Master Lu: Wow, nice calligraphy...
Mr. Bohuan: Ah, it's you! I just got here. My calligraphy is actually in great demand. I need to pick up my pace if I want to assist all those people.
Mr. Bohuan: Hahaha, that's very nice of you to say! I'm afraid that's the best I can do... Would you like anything else written?
Mr. Bohuan: I asked what troubled him, but he only sighed and said he lost inspiration.
Mr. Bohuan: I still have a lot of writing to do here, so I'll leave the lantern delivery to you.
(Obtain Inscribed Xiao Lantern ×3)
Mr. Bohuan: Perhaps the villagers know where he is. You'd better ask around.
Mr. Bohuan: Qingzhou is here too. Have you seen him since you came?
Mr. Bohuan: Uh... We traveled to Qingce Village together, but he seemed very perturbed all the way here.
Mr. Bohuan: When we finally got here, I got straight to writing, and he said he wanted to look around alone, so we parted ways.
Mr. Bohuan: While you're at it, I could use your help with returning these adorned Xiao Lanterns to their owners. Let me mark their locations for you...
Mr. Bohuan: Why, it's my pleasure! I still have a few more lanterns to do, hold on...
Paimon: This one seems really simple, if you think hard enough...
Paimon: Th—That's what a lantern riddle is? Too difficult for Paimon's little brain... Do you have any clue what the answer might be?
Paimon: Uhh... What does that mean?
Qingzhou makes three Xiao Lanterns and writes riddles on them...
Qingzhou: ...
Qingzhou: Ah, would you look at the time? Wang'ya should be arriving any moment now. Please, could you receive her on my behalf? I shall continue entertaining these children with lantern riddles.
(Obtain 10,000 Mora)
Qingzhou: Alright, this should do it.
Qingzhou: And it would ruin my hands if I were to try and make three more. Ahem... Please take these instead.
Qingzhou: And then, "clap of thunder." "Firecrackers" is the only possible answer.
Qingzhou: And you control it with a string. So naturally, it must be a kite.
Qingzhou: Anyways, I just came up with three riddles. Now I just need three Xiao Lanterns...
Qingzhou: At present, I am trying to perfect these three riddles. And as if this wasn't enough, my little friends also insist on adding additional "loot" for correct solutions...
Qingzhou: But no matter where I look, I cannot seem to find even an ounce of inspiration. I have no idea what kind of poem would be a worthy depiction of both Liyue Harbor and the Lantern Rite...
Qingzhou: But these children are waiting very expectantly for me to give them lantern riddles.
Qingzhou: Correct! You've guessed right.
Qingzhou: Correct! You've guessed right. Haha, it must have been a fairly simple one. Bamboo tube, powered stone, burns in the night...
Qingzhou: Correct! You've guessed right. You have to "ride the wind" if you want to get as high as Jueyun...
Qingzhou: Each Xiao Lantern has a short riddle inscribed upon it. The person who solves the riddle can take the lantern it was written on.
Qingzhou: Even chunk of Plaustrite inside is not easily damaged, the lampshade can break. Once released, a Xiao Lantern may fall into the sea, which "marks the end of its flight."
Qingzhou: Even so, the wishes committed to the lanterns will not perish... Which is symbolized by their "resplendent light."
Qingzhou: Hahaha, do not worry about me, my liege. My writer's block has not got the best of me yet.
Qingzhou: Have you collected three sets of Xiao Lantern materials yet?
Qingzhou: Heh, come on, keep thinking. Once you crack one bit of it, the rest will follow straight away.
Qingzhou: Heh... I'm from Liyue after all. Making Xiao Lanterns runs in our blood. Although my technique isn't the greatest...
Qingzhou: Hehe, "loot"... How do they even know of such expressions?
Qingzhou: Hmm, you are most capable indeed! I just need a moment to make these lanterns. Then, we can write the riddles on them.
Qingzhou: Hmm... Wrong answer. You may wish to give it some more thought.
Qingzhou: I felt really bad for these children. They have no one to entertain them or take them on holiday outing in this place, completely bereft of any festive atmosphere as it is...
Qingzhou: I just wanted to amuse them with my riddles so that they can participate in the Lantern Rite like the rest of us.
Qingzhou: I'll keep entertaining them until they've had enough. When the painter comes, I'll let him know.
Qingzhou: No... Another dead end. Something so cryptic would only alienate my little audience...
Qingzhou: Oh, don't read too much into it... That was just a little idea I came up with, it's nothing serious.
Qingzhou: Oh, it's you, my liege! I am crafting lantern riddles for these children.
Qingzhou: Okay, children, settle down. Let me think for a moment... Hmm...
Qingzhou: Our little friends are ready to take their shot at the riddles. Why don't you stay and cheer for them?
Qingzhou: The competition... *sigh* It shames me to say this... The matter has been on my mind ever since we agreed upon it...
Qingzhou: These children don't seem ready to stop just yet... It seems like three riddles was not enough. I'll have to come up with a few more.
Qingzhou: This... will not work. It needs to be more elaborate...
Qingzhou: Those lantern riddles, however, have nothing to do with finding inspiration.
Qingzhou: Truth be told that was the reason I accepted Wang'ya's invitation. I had hoped that maybe here I'd collect some material and find my muse.
Qingzhou: Um, so... Although typically the one who solves the riddles gets free Xiao Lanterns, I'm afraid I simply can't give you these Xiao Lanterns here...
Qingzhou: Would you be kind enough to bring me three sets of Xiao Lantern materials, my liege?
Qingzhou: Xiao Lanterns have bamboo frames and insides made of rocks. They float in the sky after release. You do not find them in the wild, and that's why each one "lives in the city."
Qingzhou: You are not familiar with those, I presume? You may consider it... a game, of sorts.
Qingzhou: You must have a sharp mind if you managed to solve all three riddles.
Uncle Ghast: Nicely done... Thank you for bringing it to me. I still need to thank that calligrapher, too.
Uncle Ghast: Oh... Right, I did ask that gentleman to make an inscription for me. That's it, isn't it?
Uncle Ghast: Qingzhou... Do you mean that famous poet? I saw him around here with a huge frown on his face. He seemed really upset.
Uncle Ghast: Uh... That's all I know. Maybe someone else will be able to point you to him.
Uncle Ghast: What is it, youngster?
Uncle Ghast: Whoa, that's some fine calligraphy...
Wang'ya: Ah! Sorry, it's just I deal with things like this all the time... I guess when I'm not careful, I just start talking about heavy topics...
Wang'ya: Ah... I can't help it. The workload at the Ministry of Civil Affairs during the Lantern Rite is unbelievable.
Wang'ya: And it's not just me. Many of my colleagues are out delivering Xiao Lanterns, too.
Wang'ya: But as for me... Haha, I'm a bit of an exception. I don't get to go home during the festive period.
Wang'ya: But from the sounds of it, everything's under control and I don't need to do anything.
Wang'ya: But it's maybe not the best place for young people...
Wang'ya: But that's really all we can do for them as outsiders here.
Wang'ya: For a variety of reasons, most of the young people from Qingce Village have moved to Liyue Harbor, leaving only the old people and young children behind.
Wang'ya: Happy Lantern Rite!
Wang'ya: Hmm, I wonder if Qingzhou and Mr. Bohuan have made it to Qingce Village yet...
Wang'ya: Hmm? I'm surprised to see you here...
Wang'ya: I always liked the tofu here, and the little wooden carvings.
Wang'ya: I came here as soon as I finished. Didn't think I'd end up being so late...
Wang'ya: I see... Great! I thought nobody would make arrangements if I wasn't here.
Wang'ya: I still have something to do here. I'll make my way to Qingce Village as soon as I'm done.
Wang'ya: I think that what they really need is the company of their families.
Wang'ya: I'll go and see them in a bit. Let's take a walk first.
Wang'ya: I... It can't be helped. The Ministry of Civil Affairs delivers supplies to many places during the Lantern Rite, and I still have my part to do...
Wang'ya: In a good year, I get to take a few days off near the end of the festival and spend some time with my family.
Wang'ya: It's a long story. Hard to explain.
Wang'ya: Let's keep walking.
Wang'ya: On the bright side, Qingce Village is much more festive than usual this year with Qingzhou, Mr. Bohuan, and you here.
Wang'ya: Our hope and our duty is to deliver Xiao Lanterns to all, so everyone can experience the festival spirit.
Wang'ya: Qingce Village... I actually came here as a child a few times.
Wang'ya: Since I'm here, I promised them that I'd monitor the transfer of goods...
Wang'ya: Some of the places are so far away that I'll bet you've never even heard of them.
Wang'ya: Stay here a while and you might even start wondering whether time has stopped.
Wang'ya: Thanks again for your help, Traveler.
Wang'ya: That should be enough...
Wang'ya: The Ministry of Civil Affairs has quite a lot of goods for distribution. It's taken me a long time to count them all up.
Wang'ya: The Ministry of Civil Affairs is transporting some festival supplies today, and Wangshu Inn happens to be a transit station.
Wang'ya: The surroundings here are quite beautiful, too. In the past, a lot of people thought it was great living here.
Wang'ya: They're generally very understanding about it. But I suspect that this time, my mother's going to nag me about it.
Wang'ya: They've headed there already. Meet them there if you want to join.
Wang'ya: To sum up, for one reason or another, Qingce Village has slowly become a village for the elderly and for the kids.
Wang'ya: Well, I'll have to get back to work shortly. You should make the most of everything going on during the festival.
Wang'ya: Well, I'm here... Traveler? Have you seen Qingzhou and Mr. Bohuan?
Wang'ya: Well... for older people, Qingce Village is a calm and easygoing place to live. Everything is familiar, and things don't change much.
Wang'ya: When the festive season comes around, it's difficult for them to create a really celebratory atmosphere here. The Ministry of Civil Affairs always arranges to send supplies over, but...
Wang'ya: Without your family around you... all the material wealth, all the organized entertainment in the world is just...
Wang'ya: You can go to Qingce Village first and wait for their arrival. Making an inventory shouldn't take me long.
Wang'ya: You still remember how I invited Qingzhou and Mr. Bohuan to Qingce Village, right?