 A fine wish.
 All done.
 Allow me to help.
 Don't you want to give it to him yourself?
 Give who a Xiao Lantern?
 Got it right here, sir.
(Give the Xiao Lantern)
 Hammer Li says he's got some food prepped for you.
 Here's a Xiao Lantern from Siyu...
 How did you know?
 I'll do it...
 It might mean more coming from you...
 Leave it to me.
 Quest DescriptionWrench Wang from Liyue Harbor seems to be looking for help with some matters...
 She has things to attend to at home...
 She needs to return home to help her husband...
 Sounds good.
 What's wrong?
 You overheard us?
 Y—You sure you're alright?
Hammer Li: *sigh*
Hammer Li: *sigh* Sorry for troubling you.
Hammer Li: *sigh* Why does he choose to suffer like this...
Hammer Li: Did you bring the Xiao Lantern?
Hammer Li: Hah, I just know him well enough. There was no need to even guess.
Hammer Li: Hah, don't you try that with me. You're not seriously suggesting that we celebrate the Lantern Rite without a lantern, now, are you?
Hammer Li: He did exactly the same thing last year. Went off for a walk, then came right back and proceeded to hammer nails into a ship's hull the whole night through.
Hammer Li: He made the same wish last year as well...
Hammer Li: I bet he's onboard a ship right now, working away... Best you go find him quick.
Hammer Li: I know why he does this, but still... *sigh*
Hammer Li: I'll be preparing some food in a bit. Come back here once you're done and we'll eat together.
Hammer Li: Oh, come on. It's the Lantern Rite. Let's release a lantern and get some of that festive joy in you.
Hammer Li: Oh, you've finished everything?
Hammer Li: Thank you very much. We'll be waiting for you here.
Hammer Li: That Xiao Lantern was from Siyu, wasn't it?
Hammer Li: That will do. Thank you.
Hammer Li: Traveler, a moment, if you will.
Hammer Li: Traveler, could you make a lantern for my colleague?
Hammer Li: Traveler, could you please go help him out? Tormenting oneself is no way to spend a festival...
Hammer Li: Yes, sure, whatever you say. Have you prepared a Xiao Lantern yet?
Hammer Li: You... *sigh*
Siyu: I do hope that "The Wrench" will like this Xiao Lantern...
Siyu: I do hope that he'll manage to get a little more free time...
(Obtain Siyu's Xiao Lantern ×1)
Siyu: I suppose I should give him a Xiao Lantern after all.
Siyu: I'd love to, but I've still got so many things to take care of at home...
Siyu: I'm sure he'd love to get one now. Traveler, could you help me deliver this Xiao Lantern to him?
Siyu: I've left my husband to do all the housework while I've been out shopping. I should get back to help him out as soon as I can.
Siyu: Oh, Traveler, it's you. Well, "The Wrench" has always taken good care of me. Even now, he helps me out all the time — he's almost like a real brother to me.
Siyu: So I'm leaving the matter of the Xiao Lantern to you. Once we've got some time, my husband and I will go see "The Wrench" together.
Siyu: So, I'd like to give him a Xiao Lantern as a gift. Hehe, we were childhood playmates, and he absolutely loved the sight of the lanterns when he was little.
Siyu: This is supposed to be a festival, and yet he's still working non-stop...
Wrench Wang: A Xiao Lantern... Ugh, I forgot! What's with my memory today...
Wrench Wang: Ah well, never mind, eh? It's just a lantern. So what if we don't release one this time?
Wrench Wang: Ah, is that so... Good, good. Yes. Very good.
Wrench Wang: Aye. It was a small matter, and with this traveler helping, it was easy.
Wrench Wang: Besides, you helped me out a lot too, so some of that should go to you as compensation.
Wrench Wang: Hahaha, she wrote this wish for me, didn't she? Yep, that was my greatest wish as a kid...
Wrench Wang: Have you brought the planks?
(Give the Planks)
Wrench Wang: Have you tallied the numbers up?
Wrench Wang: Hey! What are you trying to say? I'm fine! Why wouldn't I be?
Wrench Wang: Hmm, let's go with this: "New year, new horizons!"
Wrench Wang: Hmm? ...Well, if you really want to, you can bring me some wooden planks.
Wrench Wang: Hmm? Do you have some business with me, Traveler? I'm quite busy at the moment.
Wrench Wang: Huh? Does he, now? ...That guy worries too much.
Wrench Wang: I don't really need a Xiao Lantern, honestly, I...
Wrench Wang: I should get back to work now. Once I've finished... *sigh* Well, I'll see.
Wrench Wang: It's a good thing. It's very good... I'm sorry, I've still got a lot of work to do. If you'll please excuse me...
Wrench Wang: It's done. I hope I didn't keep you waiting.
Wrench Wang: Mm, these should do the trick. Many thanks.
Wrench Wang: Oh, come on. It's the festive season, no need for the long face.
Wrench Wang: Siyu? She... she got me a Xiao Lantern? L—Let me see!
Wrench Wang: So many years have passed in the blink of an eye. Time truly flies...
Wrench Wang: Sounds like she's got a good life now. That's all that matters... Haha... Heh.
Wrench Wang: Still, how come she asked you to deliver it to me?
Wrench Wang: Thank you very much!
Wrench Wang: There should be a total of three crates piled up at the dock.
Wrench Wang: There's still a few loose ends to tie up. Could I trouble you to go to the dock and take inventory of some newly arrived goods?
Wrench Wang: We've dallied so long, I'm sure we've fallen behind on work. Best we put our backs into it.
Wrench Wang: Well then! That's today's urgent work dealt with.
Wrench Wang: Well then, what should I wish for...
Wrench Wang: Well, whatever. Since he's already gone to the trouble of making it, let's go and join him.
Wrench Wang: You think so? Hahaha, that's good... Ah, I do wish that it would come true...
Wrench Wang: You're a big help. In the meantime, I need to get a move on and finish up everything here...
Wrench Wang: You've really done a lot, Traveler, and during the festive period, too...