 ...Go on, don't stop.
Kayabuki Ikkei: Ahem... "Spectators with the keen eyes of a swordmaster must have noticed it — the blond-haired outsider was unleashing Kouranka Daitatsumaki, a technique that was deemed forbidden even amongst ancient martial arts...!"
 ?
Kayabuki Ikkei: Having been inspired by your marvelous fight, I wrote this story.
 Are you not going to participate this time either?
 Do you have a commission for me?
 G—Golden Whirlwind...?
 I see...
 I will do my best.
 Oh, that's pretty exciting.
 Quest DescriptionIt's been a while since the last Hyakunin Ikki. Kayabuki shows up again in Inazuma...
 That's quite troublesome.
 Ugh, please, spare me the flattery.
 Wait to be impressed.
 We meet again.
 What is this Hyakunin Ikki?
Kayabuki Ikkei: It's a free-for-all tournament whereby people engage in a hearty fight to celebrate, or simply to eliminate bad luck. It's a festival where both martial artists and monsters put their grievances aside and forget their identities, just to enjoy the sheer excitement of fighting.
Kayabuki Ikkei: They say that those who stand out from the crowd will be awarded various treasures.
Kayabuki Ikkei: The identities of the organizers and sponsors are still shrouded in mystery though.
Kayabuki Ikkei takes you to a small island outside Inazuma City...
Kayabuki Ikkei: ...And my gut tells me that your star will shine brightest in this arena.
Kayabuki Ikkei: After all, what I aspire to do is write the most thrilling action novels, not become a gallant warrior like you.
Kayabuki Ikkei: Ah yes! You are the eye-catching Golden Whirlwind from the Hyakunin Ikki last time...
Kayabuki Ikkei: Ahem... "Spectators with the keen eyes of a swordmaster must have noticed it — the blond-haired outsider was unleashing Kouranka Daitatsumaki, a technique that was deemed forbidden even amongst ancient martial arts...!"
Kayabuki Ikkei: Anyway, some people have organized another Hyakunin Ikki recently.
Kayabuki Ikkei: Having been inspired by your marvelous fight, I wrote this story.
Kayabuki Ikkei: Hello there, blond-haired outlander...
Kayabuki Ikkei: Here we are.
Kayabuki Ikkei: I'm looking forward to your performance.
Kayabuki Ikkei: It's a free-for-all tournament whereby people engage in a hearty fight to celebrate, or simply to eliminate bad luck. It's a festival where both martial artists and monsters put their grievances aside and forget their identities, just to enjoy the sheer excitement of fighting.
Kayabuki Ikkei: Just like last time, feel free to bring your friends and companions! After all, the "Hyakunin" in "Hyakunin Ikki" means the more, the merrier!
Kayabuki Ikkei: Oh, of course I will — as a spectator, cheering you on!
Kayabuki Ikkei: Once we enter this suspicious-looking gate, we'll be in the tournament venue for this iteration of Hyakunin Ikki.
Kayabuki Ikkei: Previously, I was watching the excellent performances of the participants in a corner of the tournament venue, seeking to be inspired by the most thrilling fighting scenes. And there you were, taking out opponents like a golden whirlwind sweeping away weeds and grass...
Kayabuki Ikkei: The identities of the organizers and sponsors are still shrouded in mystery though.
Kayabuki Ikkei: The rules probably have not changed much. Monsters, adventurers, and warriors from across the world, who share a common yearning for fight, will quench their thirst on this stage through passionate battle.
Kayabuki Ikkei: They say that those who stand out from the crowd will be awarded various treasures.
Kayabuki Ikkei: Um, your blond hair looks familiar... Are you...
Kayabuki Ikkei: Whatever the case, this is not a topic to be discussed out in the open. Follow me...
Kayabuki Ikkei: Yes, I'm sure you'll show me the most dazzling blade-dance again this time.
 ?