
(Requires a photo of General Crab, Pale Red Crab, Marrow Lizard, Sunset Loach, or Sunny Loach)
Imagine our childish rambling, far and wild our paths crawling

Ootomo: Hehe, if Lenne and I had met when we were younger, we might have gone on romps outdoors just like those crabs and lizards.

Ootomo: I've heard that crossing rivers and seas takes a great deal of time. But if I had a friend with me, I'm sure it would be a glad time.

Ootomo: I've heard that flying as free as the wing is the dream of all people from Mondstadt. Honestly, I'd say that this phrase suits Lenne very well indeed.
Lenne: It's just a shame that I didn't enjoy going out as a child. If I had a companion like you then, I might actually have a gliding license now.

Ootomo: Inazuman children often gather together to tell tales of youkai to test each others' courage. These experiences also become precious memories when they have grown up.
Ootomo: I didn't expect that Lenne would be able to connect that to the pictures of these creatures. This stanza has deep meaning indeed.
 (Traveler).
 Do you need me to take some pictures, too?
 Here they are.
 Need my help in getting some inspiration again?
 Not yet...
 Quest DescriptionLenne is busy writing a new poem and appears to need your help once again...
(Requires a photo of Adorned Unagi, Red-Finned Unagi, Raimei Angelfish, Purple Shirakodai, Glaze Medaka, or Lunged Stickleback)
Imagine all the lakes and seas we could have gone roaming
(Requires a photo of Kitsune, Bake-Danuki, or Gray Snow Cat)
Imagine all the nights of tale-telling, their mystery enchanting
(Requires a photo of Violet Ibis, Crow, or Electro Crystalfly)
Imagine all our wild dreaming, to borrow the wind in sunny days like birds flying
(missing stanza)
A new friend, yet as if from old days
FriendshipLamenting that they did not meet sooner, the two poets would like to depict animals wandering the landscape in companionship and compare their friendship to such scenes...Take pictures of animals found in Inazuma to get key inspiration material.
From the joy of union we are awakening, our sleeves inlaid with moonlit dews shimmering
How I wish our story could have begun there
Imagine all our wild dreaming, to borrow the wind in sunny days like birds flying
Imagine all the lakes and seas we could have gone roaming
Imagine all the nights of tale-telling, their mystery enchanting
Imagine our childish rambling, far and wild our paths crawling
Lenne: A most uncommon name. But it is no crime to stand out from the crowd. I shall remember it.
Lenne: Do you have the pictures ready, friend?
Lenne: Friend, since both you and Ootomo love this phrase so, then let us use it.
Lenne: Haha, that's right. Under Ootomo's instruction, I've been composing another poem with an Inazuman style, although admittedly I'm still quite the amateur.
Lenne: I am in your debt! Please help me take 4 photos of different animals from Inazuma, then.
FriendshipLamenting that they did not meet sooner, the two poets would like to depict animals wandering the landscape in companionship and compare their friendship to such scenes...Take pictures of animals found in Inazuma to get key inspiration material.
Lenne: I have written a few more versions of a stanza based on the pictures you brought. Why don't you pick the one we should use once again?
Ode to Friendship
A new friend, yet as if from old days
Lenne: Inazuman poetry puts some limits on the number of words that may be in any given line. As such, they pay much attention to the length of each word, while the poems that emerge have both a neat look and a unique flavor to them.
Lenne: Indeed, indeed. Well then, friend, might I ask what your name is? I believe neither of us are acquainted with it.
Lenne: Is that so? Ah, how I wish I could see that new work of yours right this instant!
Lenne: It's just a shame that I didn't enjoy going out as a child. If I had a companion like you then, I might actually have a gliding license now.
Lenne: Let me see... Oh, these are great! I think I know what to write now.
Lenne: No worries. We just need 4 pictures of Inazuman animals today. Thanks a lot!
Lenne: Since this is an Inazuman poem, we must reference creatures unique to these lands.
Lenne: The theme of this poem is "friendship," and indeed both of us can only lament that we did not meet sooner. One of the lines I would like to write depicts animals wandering the landscape in companionship with one another.
Ode to Friendship
Ootamo: Heh, let's talk about it in more detail tomorrow.
Ootamo: To be honest, I have also been writing a poem for which I might need your aid tomorrow.
Ootomo: (Mister/Miss), wonderful timing! Lenne and I were just working on a new poem.
Ootomo: (Traveler), mm? I'll remember it as well.
Ootomo: Few of them write about freedom or the wind, though.
Ootomo: Hehe, if Lenne and I had met when we were younger, we might have gone on romps outdoors just like those crabs and lizards.
Ootomo: I didn't expect that Lenne would be able to connect that to the pictures of these creatures. This stanza has deep meaning indeed.
Ootomo: I leave the matter of the pictures to you. I am fortunate indeed to have met people of such fine artistic tastes as you and Lenne.
Ootomo: I plan to ponder the matter of expanding the content of our writing. Who knows? I might actually start a new wave in Inazuman poetry like this.
Ootomo: I've heard that crossing rivers and seas takes a great deal of time. But if I had a friend with me, I'm sure it would be a glad time.
Ootomo: I've heard that flying as free as the wing is the dream of all people from Mondstadt. Honestly, I'd say that this phrase suits Lenne very well indeed.
Ootomo: Inazuman children often gather together to tell tales of youkai to test each others' courage. These experiences also become precious memories when they have grown up.
Ootomo: Lenne's poem and the pictures complement each other a lot. Honestly, the poem just gets more and more moving as you read it and look at the images.
Ootomo: Other than the lengths of words and phrases, Inazuman poets also love natural sights such as snow, the moon, and flowers.
Paimon: But since they all appear out in the wild, let's head out and search for them, (Traveler).
Paimon: But we can always take a few more, who knows, it might give him some more inspiration!
Paimon: Let's get those pictures back to Lenne.
Paimon: Looks like we've taken pictures of all of Inazuma's unique animals.
Paimon: Ooh, this picture looks great. Lenne should get the inspiration he needs like this!
Paimon: We do see animals unique to Inazuma pretty often — whether it be ones that walk or fly...
Paimon: Well, that's the four pictures that Lenne needs. Let's go back and look for him.
Stars shine upon our meeting, the sky embellished with pearls twinkling