
(Before the cargo arrives)
 A merchant from Fontaine?
Huangshan: That's right. What was his name again... Fran... Francis? Ugh, foreign names are so hard to pronounce.
Huangshan: I don't know what he wants with such a large batch of goods either, but... Well, so long as he's paying.
Huangshan: Don't worry, you'll get your fair share once the work's done.
 Have you released a Xiao Lantern yet?
Huangshan: Not yet. Traveling guards like us don't have time for that sort of thing.
 No problem.
Huangshan: Great! I like straightforward people. If only the person we were escorting was more like you...
Huangshan: His name is Fran, uh... Francis. Ugh, I don't have a head for foreign names.
 Not taking a break for the Lantern Rite?
 Oh, leave this to me.
 Quest DescriptionWhile most people from Liyue are enjoying the Lantern Rite, guard-for-hire Huangshan is currently in a bit of a fix...
 What about you?
Huangshan: Oh, I do work outside the city year in and year out. Never quite had the time to release a Xiao Lantern.
 What's wrong?
 When did you do that?
 Why don't I make you one?
Francis: Ah, friend, I do not know if you have had the privilege of trying Liyue's delicacies, but they are lovely. Believe me, they are absolutely worth a try!
Francis: Alright, now that my cargo has arrived, I can return to eating in peace.
Francis: From your style of dress, friend, you must also not be a Liyue local. Am I right in saying so?
Francis: These are... the goods I ordered. My word, they're finally here.
Francis: Where's that cargo... My stomach's growling already...
(After the cargo arrives)
Huangshan: Ah, I don't think I can come up with anything good... Let's just go with "may everything go well," I guess.
Huangshan: And it might just be my imagination, but it feels like this year's got even more cargo than usual.
Huangshan: As long as all things go as I expect them to, I'll be thankful to Rex Lapis already.
Huangshan: Best be on your guard, monsters and Treasure Hoarders pass this way from time to time, too.
Huangshan: But let me just remind you, the cargo it carries is entirely made of fragile materials used in Xiao Lantern construction.
Huangshan: Don't worry, you'll get your fair share once the work's done.
Huangshan: Great! I like straightforward people. If only the person we were escorting was more like you...
Huangshan: Haha, oh, not to worry. Guards for hire like myself are quicker on our feet than most, and when it comes to handovers... We're pretty quick there, too.
Huangshan: His name is Fran, uh... Francis. Ugh, I don't have a head for foreign names.
Huangshan: How am I supposed to deliver this...
Huangshan: Huh? You'll get one for me? You're... a pretty nice person, aren't you?
(After giving the Xiao Lantern)
Huangshan: I don't know what he wants with such a large batch of goods either, but... Well, so long as he's paying.
Huangshan: I'm missing out on that festive cheer for sure, but I guess it doesn't matter that much...
Huangshan: I'm of a mind to ask someone for help, but haven't been able to find anyone suitable. You up for an escort job?
Huangshan: I've been in contact with Francis. He's received that batch of goods — thanks a lot.
Huangshan: I've marked that spot on your map. I'll be heading there first. Let's meet up in a bit.
Huangshan: If I had a ready-made one, it sure would be nice to release one for good luck, but I haven't the time to put a lantern together myself.
Huangshan: If you're helping out, meet me at the place where the stores are being kept.
Huangshan: If you're traveling the world, you should go to Liyue to experience the Rite — everyone should be releasing Xiao Lanterns at this time.
Huangshan: In our line of business, you never know when there'll be work. Can't even be home for the Lantern Rite... But then again, it can't be helped.
Huangshan: It won't do if they get damaged or burned, so you have to be careful while you're out there on the road.
Huangshan: It's all a little too much for me right now, and what's more, that merchant keeps rushing me, without any consideration for the road conditions here in Liyue...
Huangshan: It's thanks to your help that this run went smoothly. And just so you know, I'm a believer in reasonable pay for all. So give me a moment...
Huangshan: Not yet. Traveling guards like us don't have time for that sort of thing.
Huangshan: Oh yes, here's your compensation. Thanks so much for your help, and for that Xiao Lantern you gave me.
Huangshan: Oh, I do work outside the city year in and year out. Never quite had the time to release a Xiao Lantern.
Huangshan: Oh, this Xiao Lantern's pretty good. Thanks! Let me see, what should I write...
Huangshan: That's right. What was his name again... Fran... Francis? Ugh, foreign names are so hard to pronounce.
Huangshan: We native of Liyue have a tradition of releasing Xiao Lanterns during the Lantern Rite. Every year, the amount of lantern-making materials making the rounds through the trade routes is massive.
Huangshan: Well, I'll leave this run to you. Just make sure the goods get to Francis safe and sound, and we'll meet afterwards on the bridge southwest of Chihu Rock.
Huangshan: Well, this is where we store the goods. I do realize that I'm troubling you to help out, so you just need to escort this one Transport Balloon.
Huangshan: You're a traveler, I'll wager. You're quite the lucky one, to have come to Liyue just as Lantern Rite is beginning. I, on the other hand, don't have much time for celebration...
Paimon: Ugh, why are the hilichurls being such a pain? We can't let them destroy the cargo.
Paimon: Whoa, whoa, where did all this wind come from? Ah, look! There's a samachurl on that slope!