 Is that why you refused her?
 Naturally.
 Oh, come off it, Paimon.
 Quest DescriptionAfter having helped Endora for this period of time, you are finally ready to cut to the heart of this problem.
 So, what's your choice?
 There were some twists and turns...
 Wanna switch with Paimon?
Paimon: Hey!
 You're welcome to join us.
Connor: I see, I see. It makes sense — even if you've removed the cause of the problem, it will still take some time for the water to cleanse itself.
Connor: I'm guessing that since it was you on the case, everything's been resolved and that's the end of it?
Connor: Oh, you're here.
Connor: Well, I suppose I should inform the Adventurers' Guild that this case has been closed.
Connor: You know, we did have a last-resort solution, which was to use the water of Springvale to make wine. I'm sure Draff would have agreed — goodness knows what he'd do without wine, after all.
Endora: "With each small step a child takes, a journey through the world it makes. Drops of knowledge this creates, each one the child assimilates."
Endora: But Rhodeia seemed unhappy. She, too, understands that she is only waiting for pure waters to become corrupted.
Endora: But our lives are also the same. We all flow towards the ocean, experiencing new things and encountering new opportunities along the way.
Endora: But she sensed my presence and believed me to be an assassin from Fontaine, and so she stretched forth her enmity, which turned the water bitter, in order to slay me.
Endora: But understanding other life-forms in this world is not quite so simple. So we observe, study, imitate, and manifest in the form of animals. You could also say that their forms have become a part of us.
Endora: Finch, Finch!
Endora: I admired Rhodeia a great deal, and so I piggybacked off a Hydro Slime and left Fontaine, jumping from water body to water body until I finally ended up here.
Endora: I can no longer return to Fontaine myself, so let me tell you everything.
Endora: I doubt that any other Lochfolk would have shared my level of determination — unless, of course, they were an assassin on a mission.
Endora: I have explained everything to her. The bitterness in the water should dissipate soon. She even asked if I wanted to join together with the waters of Qingce.
Endora: I have reached an understanding with Rhodeia.
Endora: I still have one message to deliver. Please, accompany me to Springvale once more.
Endora: I wish to travel with you. Before this tiny stream of life flows into the ocean, I wish to see everything from the flowers that bloom on its banks to the clouds that sit on the horizon.
Endora: I've decided to embark on a path that no others before me have. Journeying with you has been a joyful experience, and I wish for all my future days to be just as joyful.
Endora: I've never considered how I should live my life after this point. I always assumed that I would merge with Rhodeia, and that this would be good and right.
Endora: Life flows on, so please, begin to move again. Do not stand still.
Endora: Like Rhodeia, the strongest of our number, they did not recognize the new Hydro Archon and desired only to keep the dreams of yesteryear alive. All Rhodeia wants is a small haven of tranquil waters.
Endora: Neither Rhodeia nor the one who dwells in Springvale wanted me to follow their paths. But surely they must have hated their lives in Fontaine still more.
Endora: Our kind expresses love by merging water bodies together. This way, many minds can coexist without division.
Endora: Our lives and yours are very different. As such, we may never understand each other, even for so long as we may live.
Endora: She is the most renowned of us Lochfolk scouts, and also the strongest. But she fled Fontaine, harboring a longing for the previous Hydro Archon.
Endora: The dominant mind of the Lochfolk can be very easily shattered if we come into contact with another smaller but wicked mind.
Endora: The previous Archon had no plan to speak of. She merely wished to connect everyone in the world, in much the same way as all water is connected. But with her passing, many of us have cut off ties with Fontaine.
Endora: Thus, she says this: "When the stars in the night sky have all gone out, and all streams and dreams have mingled in the same great ocean... Then, we will meet again."
Endora: We Lochfolk once spread far and wide to rivers, streams, and ponds all over the continent, and we largely served as Fontaine's spies.
Old Finch: "Day by day, a child will age. Drop by drop, a life is made."
Old Finch: ...I see.
Old Finch: Alright then. I'd like a quiet moment to myself, if you would.
Old Finch: Haha, that's her, alright. Still treating me like a kid, I see.
Old Finch: I know this poem.
Old Finch: Life flows on...
Old Finch: No, it's just that... The way you called my name, it sounded just like her...
Old Finch: Oh! You scared me...
Paimon: But you were so small and weak when we first met. Did she really have to put in that much effort?
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Paimon's not surprised that you're surprised. Endora learns lightning quick, after all.
Paimon: Seems like watching the river flow away has caused some deep thoughts to well up in Endora, huh.
Paimon: So are you here to say goodbye?
Paimon: Spies!? What's the Hydro Archon planning?
Paimon: Still, you can't beat Paimon, who's piggybacking on (Traveler)'s journey all over the seven nations and doing just fine so far!
Paimon: The bitter water should be back to normal in a couple o' days.
Paimon: Wait a minute, (Traveler)... Does this mean that the position of transcontinental travel companion is no longer a Paimon-only privilege?
Paimon: Well, (Traveler), guess we should head back and report to Connor, too.
Paimon: When you put it like that, it makes you sound pretty awesome...
Paimon: You guys are fascinating. Paimon's not sure what to say in this situation... But it's probably best to live in a way that makes you happy!