 Can't someone in your family help?
 Hang it up? What for?
 Happy Lantern Rite.
 I can clean the shop for you.
 I can make one for you.
 I heard nothing.
 I wanna eavesdrop on them...
 I'll make one for him.
 I'm gonna eavesdrop on them.
 Leave the cleaning to me.
 Let us help.
 Only just arrived.
 Quest DescriptionMengmeng seems to be troubled by something...
 Sure.
 We can help.
 We're here to give you a Xiao Lantern.
 What's wrong?
Mengmeng makes a garland for Yu...
Mengmeng: And, and... I wanna know the secrets to making them so I can tell Yu, too.
Mengmeng: But I bet he still has a wish. So I wanna make a lantern for him...
Mengmeng: But, but... I wanted to be the one to make it for him...
Mengmeng: Come on, Yu... Let's go and play. I know a great place with the prettiest flowers.
Mengmeng: Could you... teach me how to make them?
Mengmeng: Do you know how to make Xiao Lanterns? I keep trying but I can't do it...
Mengmeng: Happy Lantern Rite to you, too!
Mengmeng: Huh, okay... Well, once your dad's recovered, you'll have more time, right? Then I can come play with you again...
Mengmeng: I read in a book that if you stay happy, even if you get sick, you'll get better really quickly.
Mengmeng: I really wanted to make a Xiao Lantern for Yu...
Mengmeng: I think that you're so grown-up, the way you help your dad watch the shop every day... And I'm sure that must make make him very happy.
Mengmeng: If we made a garland for your dad, do you think he'd get better quicker?
Mengmeng: Okay, well... Scrap the Xiao Lanterns, how about we just go there, have a quick chat, then come back straight away? That way, it won't waste too much of your time.
Mengmeng: So, so... Then the Xiao Lantern is ready, right?
Mengmeng: Thank you so much.
Mengmeng: Thanks soooo much!
Mengmeng: Thanks! I'm gonna go make one for Yu now!
Mengmeng: That would never happen, there's soooo many flowers around here... Wait a second, I'll make a garland for you.
Mengmeng: This nice (man/lady) taught me how to make Xiao Lanterns, and when we get there I can teach you, too. C'mon, wouldn't that be great?
Mengmeng: This nice (man/lady) taught me how to make them. Actually, it's one of my first, so I didn't do a great job... D—Do you like it...?
Mengmeng: Through the hole, then back around, and then... I drop it. Or it breaks.
Mengmeng: We'll be really quick, we'll just go straight there and come straight back. Promise it won't take too long!
Mengmeng: Xiao Lanterns are soooo hard to make...
Mengmeng: Yay!
Mengmeng: Yep, let's head back. Thanks again!
Mengmeng: Yu always has to look after the tea shop, so he never has any time to play or to make a lantern.
Mengmeng: Yu, the Xiao Lantern's for you.
Paimon: But given the atmosphere... Maybe we shouldn't disturb them.
Paimon: It looks like the two of them are still playing. Guess we don't have to worry.
Paimon: They're sensible kids, but Paimon still feels nervous about them playing all by themselves. Shall we go check on them?
Paimon: We've cleaned the shop, but it seems they aren't back yet.
You teach Mengmeng how to make a Xiao Lantern...
Yu: "If you don't go and play with Mengmeng, she'll pick the whole neighborhood bare of flowers"...
Yu: ...Oh? Y—You sure? That, uh... That's asking a lot of you...
Yu: ...Really?
Yu: Are you kidding? It's great, I love it! I was just starting to worry when I'd have the time to make one for myself...
Yu: But sometimes he tells me off... "Stop lounging around in the shop, go off and play"...
Yu: But...
Yu: Ha—Happy Lantern Rite...
Yu: H—Hi... Sir or Madam, um, um... Please put your feet up, and please have some tea, and...
Yu: I, uh... I can't. I need to watch the shop. Even though there's no customers, I've gotta keep the place spick and span, just like my dad always says.
Yu: I... I don't know...
Yu: Let's head back to the shop... Come on, Mengmeng.
Yu: Mengmeng? Oh, did you make this...? Wow... thank you...
Yu: Really? You sure you don't mind helping? ...That's great, thanks! Now I don't need to worry about who'd watch the shop if I went off looking for someone to help...
Yu: So, if I wanna hang it on the door, I gotta ask someone around here if they can help...
Yu: Thanks for your help...
Yu: Thanks, Mengmeng. I should be getting back.
Yu: Thanks, Mengmeng. I'll find someone to hang it on my door in a bit.
Yu: This Xiao Lantern looks so pretty! Thanks so much, (Sir/Ma'am)!
Yu: Uhh... Uhhhh... I—I...
Yu: Um, well, thanks for your help. Please take these as a thank-you. Dad says that you should always give people something in return for their help.
Yu: Well, the thing is... My dad's not in great health, so he can't hang it up for me. And I'm too short, so I wouldn't be able to reach...
Yu: What the...!? Wh—When did you get here?
Yu: Yep, I'm sure dad will make a quick recovery...