 "But he sleeps like a rock and snores like a bear when the working day is done."
 "Extravagant but Elegant."
 "No one sells produce like ol' Bibo"...
 Allow me.
 Alright, I think we'd better be going now! We've still got other people to see, you know...
 Do you have any alternatives to consider as well?
 How about "Bibo's Seaside Market"?
 How about, "Topped with pearly white dumplings so fine."
 Huh?
 I think we've heard enough...
 I'm quite a pro at this.
 Let's hear it, I'll see what I can do...
 No, I really don't think you...
 No, please stop!
 Oh no.
 Oh?
 Okay...
 Quest DescriptionLinling from Liyue Harbor seems to be troubled by something...
 So far so good...
 Sounds good so far...
 That won't work at all!
 That's no good at all!
 Uh, will do...
 Uh... "Peaceful as a Slumbering Mountain"...
 Um, we still have more lanterns to deliver!
 What are you doing?
 What!?
 W—Wait a second!
 W—Wait...
 Y—You can't be serious...
Bibo: "By day, he tends to his business like a"... Hey! Wh—What are you tryna...
Bibo: "With goods so fresh he sways to and fro. No one sells produce like ol' Bibo." Not bad, that sounds just like me!
Bibo: Ahem! No thanks, I must get going...
(Bibo leaves)
Bibo: Another one? Let me see, hmm...
Bibo: Oh, it's you, Linling. Any progress on the lantern...?
Bibo: Oh, that didn't take you any time at all. Thank you, let me read what you've written on it...
Degui: "An indulgent bowl of rich rice wine, topped with pearly white dumplings so fine"... "Extravagant but Elegant"...
Degui: "Third-Round Knockout is what people say, but just three bowls will leave you in dismay"...
Degui: Ah, Linling. What can I do for you?
Degui: It reads quite nicely, yes... Very nice, indeed. Thank you!
Degui: Oh, great! Thank you. Let me read what you've written here...
Degui: Sure! Thanks a lot, you two. I need to get back and look after my business now.
Degui: That's actually pretty good...
Linling Good, these will be perfect. Let's start by finding Manager Xiao, shall we?
Linling: "A shriveled old man with the heart of a shark"...
Linling: "An indulgent bowl of rich rice wine, topped with pearly white dumplings so fine"... "Extravagant but Elegant"
Linling: "But by night, you discover that he's not so bad."
Linling: "But just three bowls will leave you in dismay"...
Linling: "But underneath his impersonal cloak lies a warm and caring heart."
Linling: "By day, he tends to his business like a crafty rat"...
Linling: "By day, he tends to his business like a crafty rat. But by night, you discover that he's not so bad"... Titled "He's a Jolly Good Fellow."
Linling: "Third-Round Knockout is what people say"...
Linling: "With goods so fresh he sways to and fro. No one sells produce like ol' Bibo"... Titled "Bibo's Seaside Market."
Linling: *sigh* There are not many in this city that could compose couplets with me like you just did.
Linling: Alright! Let me just write your verse on the lantern and we'll be ready to give it to him.
Linling: Alright, our next patron is Bibo, he also asked me to make him a Xiao Lantern.
Linling: Alright, that does it. Let's go give the lantern to Manager Xiao.
Linling: Bibo, Manager Xiao, and Degui have all asked me to spruce up their festive wishes with some literary talent and write them on Xiao Lanterns for them.
Linling: But I certainly won't be inspired to write anything decent by just staying cooped up here.
Linling: But I'm not very good at making Xiao Lanterns...
Linling: By the way, I have another verse I came up with by myself that I've written down on this note. You may read it later when you have the time.
Linling: Don't worry, the Traveler and I have already taken care of it. Here you go!
Linling: Everyone seemed to enjoy them. It seems you have a lot of literary skill, just like me.
Linling: Good. Now I just need to come up with something to write on my own lantern, hehe. I won't need your help this time though, I'll be able to manage it myself.
Linling: Have you ever met Degui? I know him best by the drinks he sells in his shop...
Linling: Hehe, I already have some ideas in mind, they just need a little... creative zest!
Linling: Here, how does this sound...
Linling: Hmm, I suppose I should go find them for more inspiration...
Linling: Hmm, I've heard that he's always involved in some mysterious business, but he's quite a nice guy...
Linling: Hmm, let me think... I know Manager Xiao pretty well, it won't take me long to write his wish.
Linling: Hmm, not bad... That'll do just fine. Now all we need is a title...
Linling: Hmm, now that I hear them side-by-side, I'm starting to think that yours sounds a bit better. My verse is a bit too vivid, not something you'd typically write on a Xiao Lantern.
Linling: Hmm...
Linling: How are the Xiao Lanterns coming along? Have you prepared three of them?
(Give the Xiao Lanterns)
Linling: I have another verse here that I wrote too, you can have them both.
Linling: I see Degui over there. Let's observe for a minute, shall we?
Linling: I'm helping some people think of suitable things to write on their Xiao Lanterns.
Linling: I've actually already thought about what I would write for him. Here, have a listen:
Linling: I've already come up with a verse that is suitable for him.
Linling: I've even come up with a title, too... "A Nice Person, Indeed."
Linling: If you ever have the time, please feel free to visit me again. We can continue working on more poetry together.
Linling: It's a little bit plain and could use some creative flair.
Linling: Just wait a moment while I write this on the Xiao Lantern...
Linling: No good, huh? Well, this was the more complete version I was able to come up with... I have another one that's not quite finished yet.
Linling: No good? Well, I did come up with another line, but I'm not sure how to continue it...
Linling: No, just this one... I can't seem to think of how to continue with this theme, though.
Linling: Not bad, not bad at all. You certainly have a talent for writing. Let me write this all on the lantern now...
Linling: Oh! I never would have guessed you had such literary talent. These lines are perfect!
Linling: Oh! That's a good one, but how about a title?
Linling: Oh, I nearly forgot... these are for you. Consider them a token of my appreciation. It was nice to have someone accompany me during the festival. Thanks again!
Linling: Oh, and the title... "He's a Jolly Good Fellow."
Linling: Oh, right! Well then, our next patron is Degui. Let's go.
Linling: Oh, that's quite good. How about the title?
Linling: Oh, would you? Then if you could, please help me make three Xiao Lanterns.
Linling: Okay, here it goes: "With goods so fresh he sways to and fro..."
Linling: Once the lanterns are ready, we'll go see our patrons to find some inspiration on what to write for their wishes.
Linling: Perhaps you'd like to give it a go?
Linling: Remember how you asked me to come up with some lines for you on a Xiao Lantern? Well, the Traveler and I have just finished preparing everything.
Linling: Remember you asked me to write some lines for your Xiao Lantern? Well, the Traveler and I have just finished preparing everything.
Linling: See, we've even written the words on the Xiao Lantern for you.
Linling: So I was thinking I'd prepare the Xiao Lanterns first, then go observe the people that have requested the lanterns. This way, I'll be able to better tailor each person's wishes to their needs.
Linling: So? Pretty fitting, don't you think? Even though Manager Xiao appears to be fierce, he's actually a nice person...
Linling: Some literary flair, you know what I mean?
Linling: That's Bibo just up ahead, let's keep an eye on him from here.
Linling: The first line I've come up with is "An indulgent bowl of rich rice wine"...
Linling: The first phrase is "Down at the dock, his steely gaze inspires awe in the hearts of the young"...
Linling: The title is... "All in All, a Good Guy"
Linling: The verses for Degui will be my finest work yet! I'll tell you more once we find him.
Linling: There! Now we've ready to give the lantern to Degui.
Linling: There's Manager Xiao, let's watch from here and see what he's up to.
Linling: To fit the festive atmosphere, some people like to try and give their written wishes and blessings some... umm, you know...
Linling: We've even written everything on the Xiao Lantern for you, so... Here you go.
Linling: Well, that does it for all the Xiao Lanterns. Thanks for your help.
Linling: What do you think? It's quite fitting, isn't it? If you like that one too, you could make another Xiao Lantern and write it on yourself.
Linling: Would you like to give it a try?
Linling: You know how everyone releases Xiao Lanterns during the Lantern Rite festival, right? Well, they also write things on the lanterns too, like wishes, or blessings, and the like...
Linling: You're very welcome. We have the Traveler to thank here for all the inspiration.
Linling: You're welcome, Manager Xiao. I still have another verse that I wrote myself. Here, let me read it to you...
Manager Xiao: "Down at the dock, his steely gaze inspires awe in the hearts of the young"... "But he sleeps like a rock and snores like a bear when the working day is done."
Manager Xiao: "Peaceful as a Slumbering Mountain"... Hehe, that's pretty good, thank you!
Manager Xiao: "Peaceful as a Slumbering Mountain"... that's pretty good!
Manager Xiao: Ah, hello Linling. Do you need anything?
Manager Xiao: Oh thank you very much, let me read it...