 Are you alright?
 But what can it do?
 Excuse me...
 Hello...
 I do have one...
Asagiri: Really!? You have a Kamera?
 I will work this out.
 Leave it to me.
 Quest DescriptionA girl named Asagiri from Inazuma seems to be troubled by something...
 So who is Miss Moriko...
Asagiri: *cough* As a result, my health keeps deteriorating...
Asagiri: *cough* No... This is still no good... It won't do...
Asagiri: *sigh* I'd better put up a request at the Adventurers' Guild and see if any adventurer with a Kamera can help out.
Asagiri: And don't you worry about the finances. I have quite some savings.
Asagiri: And what's more! There's this place named "Jueyun Karst." They say that the adepti live there!
Asagiri: Any further delay and I'll miss the next submission deadline... *sob*...
Asagiri: But as it turned out... Haha... You see, it hadn't taken long before I ended up in this miserable state...
Asagiri: But sadly, my health doesn't allow me to really go there...
Asagiri: H-Hello! I'm counting on you to bring my muse back!
Asagiri: Have you noticed that a light novel usually contains a few pages of pure pictures?
Asagiri: However, if you can capture their sceneries with the Kamera, I can surely... Ugh *coughing*
Asagiri: Huh!?
Asagiri: Huh? So you aren't Miss Moriko... Thank goodness... Ugh *coughing*
Asagiri: I can recommend a few novels to you! For example... ahem! *coughing*
Asagiri: I suppose you've read some light novels of Yae Publishing House, haven't you?
Asagiri: I was thinking that maybe a walk in the open would bring my muse back, so I decided to go on a trip.
Asagiri: I'm fine. I've never been very healthy — with all the midnight-oil burning and meal skipping during my work...
Asagiri: I'm here to gather some inspiration.
Asagiri: I'm sorry—soooo sorry! I will submit it today!
Asagiri: I've heard about many fascinating locations out there — say, the lofty snow mountain near Mondstadt and the area in Liyue where there are many pillars...
Asagiri: If I delay again, I bet Miss Moriko'll... *sob*
Asagiri: I—I wanted to have an adventurer take pictures for me using the Kamera!
Asagiri: Miss Moriko has postponed the deadlines for me several times. She'll be so mad if I dare delay any further.
Asagiri: Miss Moriko is my executive editor.
Asagiri: Miss Moriko, please just give me...
Asagiri: My muse has left me recently. I've missed the deadlines for a few illustrations.
Asagiri: My name is Asagiri. I'm a, um, a freelance illustrator of sorts. Miss Moriko is... the executive editor in charge of my work.
Asagiri: Really!? That's wonderful! There are many places on my wish list. Gimme a second. Let me find the list.
Asagiri: Really!? You have a Kamera?
Asagiri: Such pictures are what we call illustrations, and those who draw them are illustrators.
Asagiri: The abode of the adepti... The thought of it gives me thrills...
Asagiri: The illustration not only creates a more immersive reading experience but also enriches the novel.
Asagiri: To serve an important scene or plot, or to give the protagonist a face, some authors will have people draw them an illustration.
Asagiri: Where is my notebook? Where is it? My notebook...
Paimon: An illustrator? What does that mean?
Paimon: Huh? (Traveler), look. Someone's drawing on the street.
Paimon: Huh? Speaking of the Kamera...
Paimon: Oh, Paimon gets it now. It's no simple business to make light novels...
Paimon: Paimon wonders what she's drawing... Let's take a look.
Paimon: Since you're unwell, why are you still working here out in the open? Can't you draw at home?
Paimon: Whoa! Hang on, we...
Paimon: Whoa! Take it easy!