 About Dusky Ming...
 Ah. So recently...
 Can we send her a Xiao Lantern?
 I guess... we can consider it sent.
 I wonder if she'd like a Xiao Lantern...
 Is business that good?
 Quest DescriptionWangshu Inn's chef, Smiley Yanxiao, seems to have a lot on his plate right now...
 So, has she...
Dusky Ming: Hang it up a little higher, it'll look better that way...
Dusky Ming: Hang the Xiao Lantern up on that tree, quick!
Dusky Ming: Hehe, did you remember what I said last time?
Dusky Ming: Hehe, over here.
Dusky Ming: Hey, is that a Xiao Lantern in your hand?
Dusky Ming: It looks beautiful. I wonder what touching it would feel like...
Dusky Ming: It's been so long since anyone gave me a Xiao Lantern...
Dusky Ming: Oh, you came to play with me.
Dusky Ming: Well, why don't we play... some hide-and-seek, then?
Paimon: But we're coming straight back as soon as we're done, okay!?
Paimon: D—Do we really have to go...
Paimon: Hey, are you still there...
Paimon: L—Let's just get out of here now, shall we...
Paimon: L—Look! That lantern is gone! Y—You know, the one we hung up there ourselves...
Paimon: This should be the place. Wonder where she is...
Paimon: This should do it...
Paimon: Uh, she didn't reply. We should totally leave. Like, right now...
Paimon: W—Well, if you insist... Let's just finish that Xiao Lantern and bring it over...
Smiley Yanxiao: *cough* Also, I should thank you for helping me previously. If it hadn't been for your help, I don't think I'd ever have been able to return to work...
Smiley Yanxiao: I have to hurry...
Smiley Yanxiao: If you really want to ask about... her... you should just go ask the boss. I—I don't know anything, I swear...
Smiley Yanxiao: No. But it's the Lantern Rite now. Lots of people have headed back to the city to spend the festive period there, so we're short-staffed. I'm basically doing everything myself.
Smiley Yanxiao: N—No! Definitely not, believe me! I—If she were to show up again, I d—don't know if my heart could take it...
Smiley Yanxiao: We're not getting too many guests, though, so things aren't too bad. I can still handle it.
Verr Goldet: But I do feel bad for that child. Whenever a festive period rolled along in the past, she'd get lonelier as the inn grew livelier. As a result, she would wind up starting trouble and scaring the guests.
Verr Goldet: But I'm sure that she just wants someone to play with her. She is only a child, after all.
Verr Goldet: I believe so, too. This should cheer her up a bit at least.
Verr Goldet: I wonder, what sort of wish would that child make?
Verr Goldet: If you're looking for her, you should hang a Xiao Lantern atop one of the trees in the nearby forest at night.
Verr Goldet: Oh, her? She's been quite well-behaved since that incident.
Verr Goldet: That way, she should be able to see it.
Verr Goldet: Traveler! How can I help?
Verr Goldet: Well, did you deliver the Xiao Lantern?
Verr Goldet: You want to send her a Xiao Lantern? That's not a bad idea. The only trouble is that she's quite hard to find...