 ...
 Don't worry, I'll go lend her a hand.
 I'm glad I could help.
 I'm happy that I could help.
 Is there something on your mind, Granny Ruoxin?
 Leave it to me.
 Let me lend you a hand.
 Please wait a moment...
Granny Ruoxin: Ah, you must still have others you'd like to invite then? We can wait awhile longer.
 Quest DescriptionSomething seems to be bothering Granny Ruoxin from Qingce Village...
 Sure.
(Proceed to the next step)
 Thank you, Granny Ruoxin.
 We'll be needing the tables and chairs soon.
 We'll be releasing Xiao Lanterns in the village soon...
 Well, there's reasons...
 Won't you be joining them, Granny Ruoxin?
Chang the Ninth: Ah, hello. Do you need anything?
Chang the Ninth: Alright, thanks for letting me know. I'll make my way over there shortly. At a festival like this one...the more, the merrier.
Chang the Ninth: At a festival like this one... the more, the merrier.
Chang the Ninth: Granny Ruoxin will be releasing the lanterns? *sigh* She'll probably start to worry if I don't show up...
Dongdong: Can we go now, Granny?
Dongdong: I wonder what food I should try...
Everyone releases their Xiao Lanterns...
Granny Ruoxin: *sigh* The Lantern Rite is here once again...
Granny Ruoxin: *sigh* Who knows when the young folks will finally get some time to rest...
Granny Ruoxin: Ah, you must still have others you'd like to invite then? We can wait awhile longer.
Granny Ruoxin: Ah, you're back. Sorry for making you do so much work on a festive day like this.
Granny Ruoxin: All those young workers that have since flocked to the big city are either too busy and can't get time off work to celebrate the festival...
Granny Ruoxin: And be sure to tell anyone else you find along the way to head back to the village... The more the merrier, you know.
Granny Ruoxin: And may all the youngsters, wherever they are, see their dreams come true...
Granny Ruoxin: But in Qingce Village, the elderly are too old and the young are too young.
Granny Ruoxin: But who knows where the children have run off to... There's no way I could go and find them with these old legs...
Granny Ruoxin: Could I trouble you to round them up for me? They've always loved releasing the Xiao Lanterns.
Granny Ruoxin: Heh, now let's release this Xiao Lantern together, shall we?
Granny Ruoxin: I wish everyone excellent health and good fortune in the coming year.
Granny Ruoxin: If you'd be so kind, I'm sure Ms. Bai could use a hand right about now.
Granny Ruoxin: If you'd like, you can find me near the gate later this evening. We'll release the Xiao Lanterns and celebrate the festival together.
Granny Ruoxin: It's good to have a rest after rushing about all year long...
Granny Ruoxin: Lantern Rite is a lively festival, it's a time when everyone should gather together to celebrate...
Granny Ruoxin: Oh, children... Very well then, off you go now.
Granny Ruoxin: Oh, me? I'm in no hurry. Besides, I'd like to watch the Xiao Lanterns awhile longer.
Granny Ruoxin: Oh, thank you. You're too kind!
Granny Ruoxin: Or they're too far way to make it back home in time.
Granny Ruoxin: Sure, I understand that it mustn't be easy for them either, but... *sigh* What about all the festivities?
Granny Ruoxin: Thank you, you're too kind. I've also been doing my part and managed to make quite a few Xiao Lanterns for the people of Qingce Village.
Granny Ruoxin: The young lady said that she wanted to prepare a table full of food for everyone and is already hard at work on the preparations. I'm afraid that she won't be able to manage on her own...
Granny Ruoxin: Things should be festive and lively during the Lantern Rite, you know?
Granny Ruoxin: Ugh, there's no use in complaining. That's no way to celebrate...
Granny Ruoxin: Which reminds me, these are for you, dear. It's my way of saying thank you for helping prepare all the festivities.
Granny Ruoxin: Why don't you stay with us for a while and join the festivities?
Granny Ruoxin: With so many of us gathered together now, things are finally starting to feel like a festival.
Granny Ruoxin: You're here. Well then, let us prepare. We shall begin releasing the Xiao Lanterns once night falls.
Granny Ruoxin: You're most welcome. From the looks of it, you must still be quite young. I imagine that all this running around must have left you quite tuckered out indeed...
Jiangcheng: Thankfully Granny Ruoxin always remembers such traditions. Let's go make a wish together, shall we?
Jiangcheng: Think it's about time to release a Xiao Lantern now...
Jiangcheng: Wife...Wife?
Jiangcheng: Xiao Lanterns? Ah yes, I remember now. Hmm, I suppose it is about time to release the lanterns.
Little Liu: When will I get to release a Xiao Lantern...
Little Liu: Wow! Look at all the tasty food!
Little Luo: I wonder if Mr. Adeptus will come to Lantern Rite...
Little Luo: If we release enough Xiao Lanterns, maybe Mr. Adeptus will come...
Little Luo: Oh, we'll be releasing the lanterns back at the village? Thanks for letting me know.
Ms. Bai: Alright Granny Ruoxin, if we wait any longer, the food I prepared will start getting cold.
Ms. Bai: Great, that should be just enough. Ah yes, I'll also need you to help me go to Pops Kai and tell him to bring all the chairs and tables over.
Ms. Bai: Huh? Oh, are you willing to help? You've come right on time! I was just starting to worry that we wouldn't manage to get all the ingredients.
Ms. Bai: I plan on making lots of dishes, so if we wait too long to set up the tables, I'm afraid that the food might start getting cold.
Ms. Bai: I think we've got just about everything we need...
Ms. Bai: In the meantime, I'll think a way to procure the other ingredients.
Ms. Bai: It's such a busy Lantern Rite this year...
Ms. Bai: Let me see here... If you could, please help me get three chunks of Raw Meat and three pieces of Fowl.
Ms. Bai: Seems we still need quite a few more ingredients...
Ms. Bai: Were you able to get those three chunks of Raw Meat and Fowl?
(After giving the ingredients)
Pops Kai: Ah yes, the tables and chairs... I remember now. I've already prepared everything.
Pops Kai: Ah, but there should still be some more inside the shop. Alrighty, let's just bring them all out then.
Pops Kai: Heh! I must say that you're quite an extraordinary young (man/lady)... But why haven't you gone home yet? Don't you plan on celebrating with your family?
Pops Kai: I never expected that you'd come all the way here to help me.
Pops Kai: If you're willing to celebrate the festival here, you're more than welcome to join us. As they say, the more the merrier.
Pops Kai: No need to fret, I won't ask any further. I'm sure you have your reasons.
Pops Kai: Oh? Are you looking for me?
Pops Kai: That should be enough tables and chairs for everybody.
Pops Kai: This is exactly how a festival should be!
Pops Kai: This year's festival is turning out to be quite the big one...
You bring out the tables and chairs together with Pops Kai...
Yundan: Heh, thank you. Let's go release some Xiao Lanterns in a bit.