 Firework-flying Paimon!
 Firework-flying Paimon, reporting!
Paimon: Yeah! We had a good time, and we feel great!
Tiantian: A good time? That's good to hear! I would try it myself if I was stronger.
Paimon: Maybe you should keep training, Tiantian! A strong recruiter is sure to bring more people in!
 I'm drawing a blank...
Tiantian: Doesn't ring a bell? Then I shall make a bigger impression with this masterpiece... No, I shall do it to recruit more people into the Adventurers' Guild.
 Oh boy, time for Paimon and me to get blown sky high!
Paimon: Hey, Paimon sees you laughing! As Tiantian said, it's perfectly safe. Don't you want to give it a try?
 Okay, firework and gunpowder race, let's go!
Paimon: Yep! There's no reason we shouldn't do this if there are rewards to obtain!
 Quest DescriptionDuring Lantern Rite, Tiantian, a recruiter for the Adventurers' Guild, is eagerly rubbing her hands together in anticipation of an interesting event...
 Rocket-propelled Paimon!
 The gunpowder gave Paimon a boost!
Paimon: Yeah! We set a record for the fastest time, and none of the other participants could catch up with us!
Tiantian: Ah, I'm starting to get excited myself! Maybe I could outdo you as the creator of this event?
Paimon: Hehehe, that won't be easy. Maybe if you actually design a gunpowder-propelled backpack, maybe you might have a chance!
 We want to try it again. Goodbye!
Tiantian: Bye! I'll be here awaiting your feedback!
 You do look a bit familiar...
Tiantian: Yes! It means my efforts were noticed by you guys! All the more reason for you to experience my masterpiece!
Paimon: Although with your strength, an explosive barrel bursting in front of you wouldn't faze you... but who knows? It just might blow you away!
Paimon: At this point, of course we'll lend you a hand!
Paimon: Can you tell us a little bit about your particular adventure?
Paimon: Fireworks? Gunpowder!? So for the challenge, you want to... blast people into the sky!?!?
Paimon: Hehehe, that won't be easy. Maybe if you actually design a gunpowder-propelled backpack, maybe you might have a chance!
Paimon: Hey, Paimon sees you laughing! As Tiantian said, it's perfectly safe. Don't you want to give it a try?
Paimon: Maybe you should keep training, Tiantian! A strong recruiter is sure to bring more people in!
Paimon: Recently, we've been having a lot of fun! But... why is Paimon getting a strange feeling that we've met before?
Paimon: There are so many hurdles! You've really put a lot of thought into this!
Paimon: Why are you so excited? You're also going up!
Paimon: Wow, you called us "esteemed ones"! Such a great attitude!
Paimon: Yeah! We had a good time, and we feel great!
Paimon: Yeah! We set a record for the fastest time, and none of the other participants could catch up with us!
Paimon: Yep! There's no reason we shouldn't do this if there are rewards to obtain!
Tiantian: A good time? That's good to hear! I would try it myself if I was stronger.
Tiantian: Ah, I'm starting to get excited myself! Maybe I could outdo you as the creator of this event?
Tiantian: As far as I can tell, just doing this racing challenge will stir the spirit of adventure even in an average passerby!
Tiantian: Bye! I'll be here awaiting your feedback!
Tiantian: Doesn't ring a bell? Then I shall make a bigger impression with this masterpiece... No, I shall do it to recruit more people into the Adventurers' Guild.
Tiantian: Esteemed ones, your reputation precedes you. If you guys take point on this racing challenge, you'll be sure to attract a lot of people.
Tiantian: Everyone and their cats and dogs passing by have probably heard my voice!
Tiantian: Hehe, there are a lot of tracks for you to try. I'm sure you'll have a good time with them, and I'll get a couple months' worth of results. It's a win-win!
Tiantian: Hey! Happy Lantern Rite, esteemed ones!
Tiantian: I have also prepared great rewards for the challenge. They'll be sure to encourage more people to join the Adventurers' Guild!
Tiantian: I'm Tiantian. I usually hang out around the Feiyun Slope, looking to recruit new people into the Adventurers' Guild.
Tiantian: I've also filed a patent with the Ministry of Civil Affairs and have publicized this event many times. Please do not steal my idea!
Tiantian: I've noticed that people's expectations for adventure are rising and activities such as climbing and wind gliding are not as exciting as they used to be.
Tiantian: In order to get more people to join the Adventurers' Guild, we need to come up with more novel and exciting approaches.
Tiantian: Not to worry. The explosion is contained inside a tough device. I've taken the necessary precautions to make sure it's safe and injury-free!
Tiantian: Recently I came across a new novel at the Wanwen Bookhouse... no, that's not it. Rather, I gathered some new information!
Tiantian: So, I teamed up with a couple of other recruiters, pooled together our resources, consulted a few expert mountain climbers and fireworks craftsmen, and designed a new racing challenge!
Tiantian: Sure, then I'll cut to the chase!
Tiantian: Then it's a deal! Without further ado, please give it a whirl!
Tiantian: There are many mechanisms laid out in the challenge. Just step on them and use the momentum from the fireworks and gunpowder blasts to accelerate into the sky!
Tiantian: Yes! It means my efforts were noticed by you guys! All the more reason for you to experience my masterpiece!
Tiantian: You guys are extremely diligent adventurers, so I'm sure we've bumped into each other at some point!
Tiantian: You guys have been having fun? How about going on a special adventure with me?
Tiantian: You're back, esteemed ones! How was the racing challenge?