 Alright, let's get that research funding.
 I'm ready. Let's go.
 Let me get myself ready.
Edmund: No problem, come back to me once you're ready.
 Looks like it's time for me to shine.
Edmund: Haha, you truly are Mondstadt's Honorary Knight. You are not only capable but also helpful.
 Okay, let's do this for scientific research.
 Quest DescriptionOutside of Springvale, the hunter Edmund, who is busying himself with chasing Forest Boars away, is arguing with a young man who is dressed like a student from Sumeru...
 Solutions for you, trouble for me, I'll bet.
Edmund: Haha, don't say that! Everyone knows that the Honorary Knight of Mondstadt is both capable and happy to help.
 Step DescriptionParticipate in the hunting activities near Springvale for scientific research... or perhaps you should say "research funding." Look for the special Forest Boar.
Edmund: Haha, don't say that! Everyone knows that the Honorary Knight of Mondstadt is both capable and happy to help.
Edmund: Haha, you truly are Mondstadt's Honorary Knight. You are not only capable but also helpful.
Edmund: Hey, calm down! We're recruiting to hunt Forest Boars now, yes, but we can't hire someone who doesn't have any hunting experience.
Edmund: I set up some common hunting tools in the forest. I'll teach you how to use them later. We can set off once you're ready.
Edmund: I've never seen that type of Forest Boar before, but are they really that special?
Edmund: If we have someone like you join us, we'll be able to catch Forest Boars much more efficiently for sure — and we can also free up some time to help look for traces of the Snowboar.
Edmund: It's settled then! Traveler, I'm heading out to catch Forest Boars soon. I've seen Snowboars in that place before, so you should come too.
Edmund: No problem, come back to me once you're ready.
Edmund: Oh, if it isn't the legendary Traveler? Cheer up, lad. This person right here might have a solution for you.
Edmund: Studying is important indeed, but good health is the foundation for everything. So for the sake of his safety, I really can't bring him along.
Edmund: There are way too many Forest Boars this year. We have to control their numbers. How about it, Traveler? Are you ready to go?
Edmund: This student from Sumeru wants to join too, but judging by his feeble look, he's not physically suitable for such a task.
Edmund: Traveler, would you be willing to join the capture team in his place?
Edmund: Well, Forest Boars have been appearing very often recently, and there aren't enough of us hunters to deal with them, so we are recruiting volunteers who are willing to capture the Forest Boars.
Edmund: Yeah. He's probably talking about a white-maned Forest Boar species that I happened upon a few days ago. I happened to mention it when I was chatting with him earlier.
Farabi: Ah, what shall I do? My paper... Is my paper gone together with the Forest Boars disappearing into the woods?
Farabi: I know, I know, but a creature of legend has appeared around here after all!
Farabi: I won't hide it from you. I'm an Amurta student from the Sumeru Akademiya. I have not decided on the topic of my graduation paper, so I came here to take a break and attend the Weinlesefest.
Farabi: It would be a great academic discovery if I were to find conclusive evidence that the Snowboar species is still extant. I'm sure it'll make my paper writing process a lot easier too!
Farabi: Mr. Hunter, please! Take me with you! I'll be helpful! I promise!
Farabi: Of course! As far as I know, the type of Forest Boar you saw is a breed that has been extinct for over a hundred years — the Snowboar.
Farabi: R—Really? Don't worry, I have funds for research. I can definitely offer payment that would satisfy everyone!
Farabi: Some adventurers recently claimed to have found traces of them in Dragonspine, but the academic world at large did not believe them due to inconsistent sighting reports.
Paimon: Aren't you a student? Why do you want to join the hunt?
Paimon: Forest Boars may appear lovely with their round shape, but they're very dangerous when charging towards you. I'd advise against approaching them unless you're as agile as (Traveler).
Paimon: Hold on, "a creature of legend"?
Paimon: I see. (Traveler), is it just me, or do you also find that many Akademiya researchers we met have similar worries?
Paimon: So what do you need our help with?
Paimon: What's with the long faces, you two? What happened?