 Giant Snowboar, here I come!
 Hold on, I need more time to prepare.
Farabi: It's okay, take your time. We're dealing with a chunky fellow, after all.
 Okay, leave it to me.
 Quest DescriptionFarabi has sent a message asking you to meet him at Dragonspine. The target for today seems to be the legendary king of Snowboars...
 Step DescriptionHelp Farabi capture the Great Snowboar King and obtain research samples.
 Where's Edmund?
Farabi: Mr. Edmund is responsible for security in Springvale, so I told him to go back. Don't worry, I'll be careful and stay out of the way. I won't give you any trouble.
Edmund: But I suppose it'll be alright if we trap it for a short while for research purposes, right? You gotta help me out on this, Farabi.
Edmund: But please rest assured that I've set up the bait and some traps. Those should be of some help.
Edmund: No, it's not a hunt. In the legends we hunters tell, the huge Snowboar is the true master of Dragonspine, and it is not something you can just hunt.
Edmund: Traveler, judging by the size of those prints, I strongly doubt I'll be a match for that Snowboar. So I'm gonna have to leave it to an expert like you, if that's alright.
Edmund: You're here, Traveler. Phew... That's a relief.
Farabi: After all, one of the most important purposes of studying creatures is to find a way to live in harmony with them.
Farabi: Haha, this is quite sudden, but since an "unexpected research target" has appeared, I can't let go of this opportunity.
Farabi: I can thus confirm that a huge Snowboar does indeed live there!
Farabi: If all goes well, I'll continue my research on Forest Boars and maybe even find a solution to the problem.
Farabi: If we can get samples of its hair and blood, they will be a huge help in figuring out Snowboars' living conditions, and why they appeared at the foot of the mountain.
Farabi: It's okay, take your time. We're dealing with a chunky fellow, after all.
Farabi: Mm, don't you worry. Honestly, after learning that Mondstadt is always plagued by Forest Boars during harvest season, I've been thinking a lot.
Farabi: Mr. Edmund is responsible for security in Springvale, so I told him to go back. Don't worry, I'll be careful and stay out of the way. I won't give you any trouble.
Farabi: Traveler, if you're ready, I'm going to ignite the bait and lure the Snowboar over.
Farabi: Yeah. I had great wine, made friends, and found a goal to work towards. But let's hold the sentimental stuff off for after we get down from this mountain.
Farabi: Yes. Mr. Edmund says that he's seen huge animal footprints at the foot of the snowy mountain, and we finally found similar prints around this area.
Paimon: "Unexpected research target"?
Paimon: Hehe, looks like you've learned a lot from your Weinlesefest vacation.
Paimon: So our objective today is to hunt down that huge Snowboar?
Paimon: Whoa, it's Edmund and Farabi. Why did you suddenly come to Dragonspine? Paimon was pretty surprised that you'd ask to meet here.