An ancient civilization that existed during the time of the Moon Sisters. It shares architectural characteristics with both Khaenri'ah and Enkanomiya. It is said to have been filled with genius engineers who were able to repair the solar chariot after it fell to Teyvat after the disaster of the moon sisters. The ancient Chasmfolk also had a great talent for making ceramics out of remnants of the solar chariot, a material known as Glazed Sand Crystal.
Home to two ancient civilizations. The first, known as the Pre-Thunderbird Civilization has only left behind crumbling remnants in the form of murals underground. The second being the Thunderbird Civilization as they worshipped the aloof Thunderbird  that called Tsurumi Island its home. However, after the human sacrifice of the Thunderbird's favorite child, the Thunderbird massacred the second civilization, leaving Tsurumi Island uninhabited and plagued by a vicious Ley Line Disorder.
Long ago, Dragonspine was a verdant mountain. The founders of Sal Vindagnyr discovered it while seeking refuge from a land of snow and strife and settled there, naming the mountain "Vindagnyr." There, they were able to communicate directly with Celestia through divine messengers. However, they eventually met their end when Celestia sent down the Skyfrost Nail, destroying their Irminsul tree and transforming the area into the blizzard-covered wasteland seen today.
The last remaining piece of territory held by Havria, the God of Salt, before her death during the Archon War. Because she was a gentle but weak ruler, her people eventually lost their faith in her ability to protect them during wartime and chose to kill her before another god could destroy them, believing it would be a merciful end. However, this only led to their own destruction when the power that surged from her dying body turned everyone in the vicinity into salt.
The original City of Mondstadt was located in what is now known as Stormterror's Lair, under the rule of Decarabian, the God of Storms. His death at the hands of his people led to the rise of Barbatos, who was at the time a mere wind spirit who had allied with the rebels.
The precursor to the Watatsumi Island civilization and the current record holder for the eldest known civilization. The Enkanomiyans, before being found by Orobashi and rescued, had a relatively thriving underground civilization. They had libraries, research labs, recreational mazes and vivid culture. Enkanomiya was home to an artificial sun that drove away Vishaps, an extremely skilled militia known as the Jibashiri, a ruling faction of nobles who committed fraud and human sacrifice, and historical records with secrets damning enough to condemn gods to an execution by Celestia.
This once-prosperous civilization was jointly ruled by Morax, the Lord of Geo, and Guizhong, the God of Dust. It was destroyed by unknown means, during which Guizhong was slain and the people of this nation were scattered. Morax eventually regathered their people and built Liyue Harbor 3700 years ago.
Watatsumi Island was once an independent nation, ruled by the god Orobashi along with its shrine maidens. Watatsumi coexisted with Inazuma, with both of them respecting each other's borders. However, one day Orobashi attacked Inazuma's Yashiori Island and started a brutal war. During the war, Orobashi was slain by Ei, who was at that time the kagemusha of Makoto, the previous Electro Archon. The de facto rulers of Watatsumi during the war, the Sangonomiya Clan, declared surrender and accepted Baal's rule, and Watatsumi Island was absorbed into Inazuma.