 Alright, so why are you hiding over here, then?
 And that's why I asked you to seek shelter.
 Could you please return to Mondstadt to seek shelter?
 Deeper inside the temple?
 Excuse me, please seek shelter within Mondstadt.
 Got it.
Grace: Many thanks, Traveler!
 Guess that's the free people of Mondstadt for you...
 Please seek shelter inside Mondstadt.
 Quest DescriptionDue to the constant descent of meteorites from the sky, it has become too unsafe to go outside. Sister Grace is very worried about those people who linger out there in the wild...
 Sister Grace is very concerned about them
Lynn: Grace? So you're here on her behest... Actually, the Guild's sent out commissions to that effect, and I've notified quite a few people nearby myself.
 Something on your mind?
 To get them to seek shelter.
Lynn: Oh, so that's what it is... The Guild actually sent out commissions to that effect. I've notified quite a few people nearby myself.
 Well, are there any other people out and about right now?
 Where have you been?
 Why didn't any of the meteorites land inside the city?
Grace: Perhaps it was just good fortune. Whatever the case, the city of Mondstadt is the safer place to be for now.
Grace: At least, it's better than being outside the city... wouldn't you say?
 Why, yes - on the topic of people still out here...
 Yes. None of them want to return right now, though...
Doolan: But he wasn't running in the direction of the city at all — he was headed towards Stormbearer Point instead.
Doolan: But this is wishful thinking. It a meteorite does strike the temple, we wouldn't be able to get away in time.
Doolan: But... Alright, then. I'm sorry, Traveler, but I think the two of us will stay here for a while more.
Doolan: Don't worry. If there's any danger, I... I'll settle it myself.
Doolan: He asked me for a sip of water, before saying that he had to get to Mondstadt and hurrying off.
Doolan: I'll keep Patchi company here and if something really does happen... Um, I'll handle things myself.
Doolan: I've said it before, and I'll say it again. I'm not letting this opportunity slip by.
Doolan: Oh, that reminds me... There was a person named Schuster who passed this way earlier, looking all shaken up...
Doolan: Patchi says that if a meteorite hits the Thousand Winds Temple, we'll be able to follow its path into the temple's inner chambers... or whatever else may be underneath.
Doolan: Perhaps... he might have forgotten the way in his fright.
Doolan: This is no time for research, we should find a place to take cover!
Doolan: We should really take cover somewhere. And if a meteorite were to hit the Thousand Winds Temple and open a path beyond, couldn't we just come back later and explore it then?
Doolan: Why don't we go back and seek shelter? We can return and continue our research once it's safe.
Doolan: You should also head that way and look for him near Stormbearer Point. I can't imagine what might happen if he runs into some monsters...
Grace: *sigh* The Knights likely have their hands full as well. It's alright - I will think of some other way to convince these people. Thank you, Traveler.
Grace: At least, it's better than being outside the city... wouldn't you say?
Grace: Do try to convince her to seek shelter in Mondstadt herself.
Grace: Fortunately, none of them landed inside the city, but I'm worried for those who are still outside. It must be a huge mess at the moment.
Grace: Haha, that's true. The people of Mondstadt are as free as the wind, indeed.
Grace: I pray that everyone remains safe...
Grace: If they're willing, please invite them to seek shelter within the city.
Grace: Many thanks, Traveler!
Grace: Oh, it's you, Traveler. I suppose you've seen the meteorites too, haven't you?
Grace: Perhaps it was just good fortune. Whatever the case, the city of Mondstadt is the safer place to be for now.
Grace: Still, I do wish that they could rein it in at times.
Grace: They all refused? One wonders what important tasks they must have, that they should feel compelled to stay in the wilderness at a time like this.
Grace: This... really isn't the time for "surviving in the wilderness."
Grace: Traveler, could you please help us warn them?
Grace: You can look for Lynn first. Perhaps she knows who is and isn't still lingering in the wilderness.
Grace: You're back. Have you managed to notify all of them?
Lynn: Ah, that's right! I believe Patchi and Doolan are still at the Thousand Winds Temple. I've tried to warn them, but they insisted on continuing their research there.
Lynn: As for me, I'll give the area another sweep and notify anyone I can find once I'm done preparing some food and other necessities.
Lynn: But we've been unable to get that many adventurers on the case due to a manpower shortage, so there's still quite a few people who have gone unnotified. If you're willing to help, that would be great.
Lynn: Give me a moment to remember who's still out here...
Lynn: Grace? So you're here on her behest... Actually, the Guild's sent out commissions to that effect, and I've notified quite a few people nearby myself.
Lynn: Let's just hope they haven't run off too far, or it'll be hard for them to return to the city even if we do find them.
Lynn: Looking for people out in the wilderness... Yeah, I guess that's part of survival training, too.
Lynn: Oh, so that's what it is... The Guild actually sent out commissions to that effect. I've notified quite a few people nearby myself.
Lynn: People still out here? There's a lot of them, actually — why do you ask?
Lynn: Seek shelter? Oh, don't worry about me. I'm always watching my surroundings. I'll be fine.
Lynn: That said, why are you still out here? You should head back to Mondstadt — you might get hit by one of those meteorites.
Lynn: That's all the people who come to mind for now. I guess you can start with them.
Lynn: There's also Vind, who's remained at Stormbearer Point all this while. The Guild asked me to look for her a few times, but I was never able to find her.
Lynn: These conditions do make surviving in the wilderness quite challenging, huh?
Lynn: Those closer to the city have all gone inside to seek shelter.
Paimon: Where did these guys come from... Let's take them out, and quick!
Paimon: W—Watch out! We've got monsters incoming!
Patchi the Curious: But what if someone gets there before we do? If you want to go back, go yourself. I'll wait here.
Patchi the Curious: I've said it a thousand times already, you can go back yourself. I won't let anyone beat me to this discovery!
Patchi the Curious: This again? Now isn't the time for seeking shelter. These meteorites may yet present us with an opportunity to get deeper inside the Thousand Winds Temple.
Terrified Schuster: Alright, I'm heading back to the city. You should go back as well. This is no time to be taking outdoor strolls...
Terrified Schuster: But I was discovered by a group of crazed monsters instead. Just barely escaped them.
Terrified Schuster: I can only hope that nun's already back inside Mondstadt...
Terrified Schuster: I searched that entire area, but I couldn't find her, so I went somewhere else to try my luck there...
Terrified Schuster: I twisted and turned this way and that, all the way back to Stormbearer Point — still no sign of Vind.
Terrified Schuster: I was looking for Vind, actually... by which I mean that nun who is always seen around Stormbearer Point.
Terrified Schuster: I... I'm resting! Something wrong with that? D—Don't you worry about me! Just head back to Mondstadt... or something.
Terrified Schuster: I—I know that I should! Why, I'm out here notifying people to seek shelter as well. I might have taken a few extra turns, yes, but still—!
Terrified Schuster: Meteorites and monsters... Does anyone out and about at this time have anything in their braincases at all?
Terrified Shcuster: Agh! Y-You... Oh, you're not a monster...
Vind: Hmm? What brings you here, Traveler?
Vind: I must keep watch here. If a storm does occur, I must be able to warn the city immediately.
Vind: I'm sorry, but I can't go back right now. These meteorites are strange enough as it stands...
Vind: In times like this, it wouldn't be surprising if a storm were to churn the seas again.
Vind: Let's hope that a storm doesn't come...
Vind: Oh, I'm sorry. I was walking around, watching the ocean, so I probably wasn't all that easy to find... Is something the matter?
Vind: Phew... Thank you, that was quite a close call.
Vind: Seek shelter? Ah, you're referring to those meteorites. I understand, but...
Vind: Thanks for informing me, though. I'll be more careful.