 I accept your challenge.
 Oh, secrets. I like secrets.
 Quest DescriptionConcerned about the progress of the Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri, you decide to visit Sangonomiya Shrine...
 That would be me.
 The Emanant Skylight?
 This feels like old news. Could we get to the point?
 Uh, could we get to the point?
???: My name is Erebos. In the Inazuman tongue, that would be Eboshi. I am an auxiliary of Sangonomiya, one of the shrine maidens of Enkanomiya.
???: That I have appeared before you must mean that the Bloodbranch Coral is in Watatsumi's hands. And a most comforting thought that is.
Eboshi: "In the faintness of everlasting night, beyond the rushing of the river Styx, within the sinless flow of heavenly light."
Eboshi: ...This, of course, being mostly a consequence of our ancestors' lack of sunlight in the depths of Enkanomiya...
Eboshi: Ah, sorry. During the process of establishing foreign relations, I would give guided tours to visitors in my role as a Sangonomiya auxiliary, so I just...
Eboshi: As for me, I supported leaving records of the truth. As such, Watatsumi Omikami permitted me to add another trial path that, if passed, would lead to knowledge of our secrets.
Eboshi: As such, great effort was expended, not that we might remember, but that we might "forget." Lady Sangonomiya was of this view.
Eboshi: At Omikami's instruction, we learned the culture of Narukami, and we established foreign relations with many different nations.
Eboshi: At night, you can see three pillars of light that descend from the dome above. These pillars point unto The Emanant Skylight.
Eboshi: Due to the phenomenon known as Sinshades, the "past," "history," and "truth" of Enkanomiya would endure even if left to their own devices.
Eboshi: Either way, I can only stay here and hope that you will conquer all the obstacles set before you, and that you will return crowned in recognition.
Eboshi: My apologies, but that which I shall shortly speak of is a most complicated matter. In truth, I do not know where to begin.
Eboshi: Narukami Island even knew us as the "beauties of Watatsumi," renowned for our soft skin, which would conceal seven types of skin blemish...
Eboshi: Now, allow me to give you the clues to clearing them.
Eboshi: Now, in this Evernight, gaze upon the borders of Byakuyakoku.
Eboshi: Please accept this challenge.
Eboshi: Release the seal on The Emanant Skylight. Then, you may ascend to the Gate of Heaven and access the site of the trial.
Eboshi: Right. Back to the point. Lady Sangonomiya and I had a disagreement, which resulted in the current arrangement, following Watatsumi Omikami's mediation.
Eboshi: Sorry, this is how the script written by Watatsumi Omikami reads. And I mean, aren't unclear instructions also part of the tradition of such trials?
Eboshi: That is well. In that case, allow me to open that path for you.
Eboshi: The depths of Enkanomiya play host to a natural cave system that leads to Watatsumi Island. This is the paradise that was promised to us by Watatsumi Omikami.
Eboshi: The three trial areas have been prepared.
Eboshi: The trial to obtain the branch was intended to limit the number of people coming after us who could know the whole truth of the matter.
Eboshi: Whatever the case may be. All the Jibashiri at the trial area are weirdos. If you don't pass through the teleporter to get there, they won't speak gently to you.
Eboshi: You have my gratitude. In that case, allow me to introduce such matters as I may to you. We must begin with Watatsumi Omikami opening the gate to the depths.
Eboshi: You must be the hero who obtained the coral, I suppose?
Paimon: (The Sangonomiya she's talking about must've been from a real long time ago...)
Paimon: ...Is that how you pay respect to your ancestral mission?
Paimon: Another... set of trials?
Paimon: Every time you say something like this, that means things are about to get busy... for us.
Paimon: Huh. Paimon wonders how the Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri preparations have been going.
Paimon: Just start from the start! We'll listen!
Paimon: Let's go see Tsuyuko, shall we?
Paimon: Paimon still doesn't get you even after all this time, Tsuyuko...
Paimon: You're speaking in riddles!
Tsuyuko: ...Well, that's a relief! Guess I can safely hand this crushing responsibility on to my future daughter now.
Tsuyuko: A breeze from the south blew across Watatsumi Island today — a sure sign that friends would come visit.
Tsuyuko: It is told in my family that apart from the Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri, we also added a different set of trials. One unrelated to Watatsumi Island's survival, but instead, related to the truth.
Tsuyuko: Now that the island is no longer under existential threat, I would just like to tell you this. Consider it our clan's duty.
Tsuyuko: Oh, don't say that. Haven't we had a fruitful partnership? The most fruitful sort, in fact.
Tsuyuko: That said, I do have something to ask of the two of you today.
Tsuyuko: You can go to the place they call the Serpent's Heart. The clues to this second set of trials is hidden there.