 Alright, hit us with the topic.
Fushizome: Indeed. Today's theme is...
Fushizome: "The branches, curved like rainbows, are dyed in myriad colors."
Fushizome: Well then, I look forward to your greatest work.
 Don't worry, our journey will continue.
 I've got some other things to do at the moment...
Fushizome: That's alright. Ikebana requires one's full attention, after all.
Fushizome: Once you have completed the various tasks you have on hand, rendering yourself free of disturbances, I'm certain that your floral courtyard shall be all the more perfect for it.
 Inspiration will keep on coming.
 Quest DescriptionAmidst the Irodori Festival, the florist Fushizome is looking for someone to experience the art of ikebana.
 We haven't spent that long doing ikebana, to be honest.
Fushizome: "The branches, curved like rainbows, are dyed in myriad colors."
Fushizome: Haha. You're too kind. Well then, let us close this journey off with the loveliest floral courtyard of them all.
Fushizome: If we're merely talking about the latter, the two of you have displayed stunning talent. I do not believe that you need any further refinement via thematic quizzes.
Fushizome: Indeed. Today's theme is...
Fushizome: Once you have completed the various tasks you have on hand, rendering yourself free of disturbances, I'm certain that your floral courtyard shall be all the more perfect for it.
Fushizome: Or perhaps I should say that it must be your fascinating travels and the sights you've seen, the likes of which I could never imagine, that has conferred this unique mindscape upon you.
Fushizome: That's alright. Ikebana requires one's full attention, after all.
Fushizome: The day has finally arrived, you two.
Fushizome: Well then, I look forward to your greatest work.
Fushizome: Yes, it is true that the act of processing the flowers must be practiced over a great length of time. However, the planning and structuring of floral courtyards is more dependent on awareness and inspiration.
Fushizome: You have already grasped the essence of the composition of floral courtyards.
Fushizome:' Now, it's time for a real test of your floral art mastery.
Paimon: And "real test," you say... So this is gonna be the hardest theme, right? Ohh, Paimon's getting kinda worried.
Paimon: Eh? We've already grasped the essence of it?
Paimon: Huh. Is... is that so...
Paimon: Ooh, that's true.
Paimon: Paimon wonders how much of it we've spent on learning this art?
Paimon: Speaking of which, (Traveler), we really have been to lots of places and seen loads of things. To think that would've given us so much inspiration...
Paimon: Thanks so much, Ms. Fushizome! If it wasn't for your guidance, we wouldn't have discovered this hidden talent of ours at all!