 Huh? These lanterns...
 I've found every last chest.
 Is the lantern rotation more difficult?
Brother Qian: Hehehe, this time the three lanterns are linked together.
Brother Qian: To put it simply, when you rotate a lantern, there's a possibility that one of the other ones will rotate, too.
Brother Qian: Give it a go, you'll see what I mean.
 Quest DescriptionBrother Qian from the Adventurers' Guild is still inviting people to try playing with the Illumiscreen...
 Why? Is the image more complex?
Brother Qian: No, no. The image is easy to spot, and there are still only three parts to combine.
Brother Qian: The difficulty this time has to do with the lantern rotation part.
Brother Qian: Ah, it's you. You've come at a good time. I've changed to a new set of lanterns since the last time you were here.
Brother Qian: All of it? You're quite the expert treasure hunter, then... Plenty of people give up and walk off after the first try...
Brother Qian: Fancy giving it a try, seeing if you can solve this one? It won't be as easy as last time.
Brother Qian: Give it a go, you'll see what I mean.
Brother Qian: Hehehe, this time the three lanterns are linked together.
Brother Qian: How is the treasure hunt going?
Brother Qian: If you'd like to have a try, please come back at nighttime.
Brother Qian: No, no. The image is easy to spot, and there are still only three parts to combine.
Brother Qian: Okay, so, the image to make today is Mora. Remember, you have to get the right image first before you can go looking for the treasure.
Brother Qian: Since you found all the treasure... Please take these as your prize. Happy Lantern Rite!
Brother Qian: The difficulty this time has to do with the lantern rotation part.
Brother Qian: The image to try and make today is Mora.
Brother Qian: The treasure has all been prepared specially by the Guild. Happy hunting.
Brother Qian: To put it simply, when you rotate a lantern, there's a possibility that one of the other ones will rotate, too.
Brother Qian: Try the Illumiscreen...
Brother Qian: You've solved it already? You're becoming very good at this very quickly. Go and study the image, there's a treasure clue hidden in it.
Paimon: Hmm, let's have a careful look around.
Paimon: It feels like this should be the place...
Paimon: Still, where are the clues to the treasure?
Paimon: This picture looks like... Mora.