 And what does that have to do with the festival?
 Better have that payment ready.
 Did I hear someone mention treasure chests?
 Oh no, not the dailies again. Anything but that...
Linyang: No, no! This activity is super adventurer-like!
 Oh, fine...
 Quest DescriptionLinyang of the Liyue Adventurers' Guild seems to have something to say to you...
 That's got nothing to do with the Moonchase Festival at all!
 That's not all that different from normal commissions, come on...
 What activities are we talking about here?
 You could say that.
Linyang: ...Please, just help us out! Most of our adventurers have left to go enjoy the festival, and many of our commissions are just sitting there with no one to take them up.
Linyang: Aha... Ahaha... I mean, uh, you don't have to put it like that...
Linyang: As for the details, it's... Well, it involves invading a series of monster camps...
Linyang: During the Moonchase Festival, the Guild has placed Moonchase Charms in various places.
Linyang: Eh!? Oh, it's... it's you, Traveler! Are you here to take part in the Moonchase Festival as well?
Linyang: Hmm... I need to place another batch of treasure chests, don't I...
Linyang: I'll be here throughout the Moonchase Festival. If you have any questions, just ask me directly.
Linyang: Just lend us a hand! With your skills, it'll be a breeze, won't it?
Linyang: No, no! This activity is super adventurer-like!
Linyang: Other than these two activities, we've also got some tough challenges lined up for elite adventurers!
Linyang: O—Of course, you'll be compensated fairly, Traveler, don't worry!
Linyang: Then you've come at the right time! The Adventurers' Guild is currently organizing an event to celebrate the festival.
Linyang: There's prizes to be had for beating those monsters!
Linyang: These special treasure chests will come filled with all manner of goodies, which we've prepared just for this occasion!
Linyang: Those who find these Charms can bring them back to us in exchange for various rewards.
Linyang: We're counting on you, Traveler. Well then... enjoy the festival!
Linyang: We've also dispatched a group of adventurers to place a large batch of special treasure chests out in the wild.
Linyang: Would you like to know more?