
(If the player has not met Yae Miko yet, an introductory note appears on screen)
Yae Miko - Astute Amusement
The astute and beauteous Yae Miko is capricious and unpredictable in her ways, doing completely as she pleases.
After all, it is boredom that is the true foe of one who has lived for several centuries now.
No matter if you intend to meet the Kitsune Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine or the Editor-in-Chief of Yae Publishing House...
If you have come prepared to be made sport of by her, then roll right up!

(Quest completes)

Event Notice
Interested in capturing well-behaved Fungi and getting up close and personal with them?
Want to try commanding Fungi in combat and experience the thrill of defeating powerful opponents?
Excited about forming your very own Fungi team and facing off against other beast tamers in an action-packed battle?
Look no further! The first ever Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament is about to begin! We anticipate your arrival!
All you have to do is sign up for the Tournament and give it a go. Bountiful rewards await!
 "Shroom buddies"?
 About the comment event...
Message Board: "After the results of the preliminary rounds are finalized, audience members can leave a comment on this competition billboard to show their support for the competitors or to share their thoughts about Fungi!"
Message Board: "All comments will be screened and evaluated by staff before they are posted. Please refrain from leaving comments that are over-the-top and be nice!"
 All three suggestions were the same...
 Alright, let's see what all the fuss is about then...
 And what if it works really well?
 But we should stay cautious, just in case...
 Did you just speak your real thoughts out loud?
 Hmm, I think "bing bong" is optimistic.
 I also have some suggestions if you're interested.
 It does seem like a good place to find source material.
 Leave.
 Maybe she has something urgent to do...
 Paimon is the best at coming up with names.
 Paimon's really getting into this.
 Paimon...
 Potential liabilities...
 Probably more like a "squelch."
 Quest DescriptionThe people of Sumeru are gradually returning to their peaceful daily lives, but you and Paimon notice a strange sign while on your way to find new commissions...
 See you in the arena!
 So you've noticed.
 Take it as a compliment.
 That's a very unexpected mode of entertainment...
 The names you came up with for the second Fungus...
 There are lots of stories you could tell about this.
 Training Fungi to fight each other?
 Um... Thank you...?
(Kautilya and Elchingen bow and leave)
 View "Competition Rules"...
Paimon: Uh... There are so many clauses here! There's even a... disclaimer?
Paimon: This is giving Paimon a headache... Paimon doesn't want to read any of this. Let's just skip it! The prize money is what's most important anyway...
 Paimon...
 Did you just speak your real thoughts out loud?
Paimon: Ahem! What Paimon meant was, if there's anything about the Fungi. Like whether the Fungi can be shown in public or not... and stuff...
Paimon: Hehe, let's see if we can find it!
Message Board: "Competition Rewards - Top 8: Sizable amount of Mora, limited-edition Nilotpala Cup Season 1 Honorary Title, and the permission to keep the ace Fungus..."
Paimon: A sizable amount of Mora? Wait... They didn't include the actual amount...? And what's this about the permission to keep your Ace Fungus? Do they mean we can take one home to keep as a pet?
Paimon: Let's keep reading...
Message Board: "Fungi Activity Rules - Rule #3: Fungi that are registered and controlled by a Wisdom Orb are allowed to move around freely in areas proximate to the arena. Beast tamers, please pay extra attention to the activity borders."
Message Board: "Activity areas only include areas around the arena and the main roads of Port Ormos. Please do not bring your Fungi to the following public areas: Wikala Funduq, shops, and restaurants."
Message Board: "Currently, this competition is unknown to some members of the population. Panic or chaos may occur if Fungi were to appear in front of individuals who are unaware of the competition. It is recommended that everyone manage their Fungi accordingly."
Message Board: "The Corps of Thirty will referee the competitors to ensure that all rules are followed. Competitors who violate the rules will be disqualified immediately. If the violation is considered a gross offense, further responsibilities may be pursued and punishment from the Akademiya may occur."
Paimon: Wow... the rules are really strict! They're really serious about this. We should be careful as well!
 Watch out!
 We'll see her again at the tournament...
 What are you really doing in Sumeru?
 What will you do to the Fungi?
 What's going on behind the scenes of this tournament?
 You just want the prize money, don't you?
 You want to size us up?
 You want to team up with us?
(Traveler): (I wonder what Haniyyah's so annoyed about?)
After all, it is boredom that is the true foe of one who has lived for several centuries now.
All you have to do is sign up for the Tournament and give it a go. Bountiful rewards await!
Announcement Board: Look no further! The first ever Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament is about to begin! We anticipate your arrival!
Event Notice
Excited about forming your very own Fungi team and facing off against other beast tamers in an action-packed battle?
If you have come prepared to be made sport of by her, then roll right up!
Interested in capturing well-behaved Fungi and getting up close and personal with them?
Look no further! The first ever Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament is about to begin! We anticipate your arrival!
Media:vo dialog eqpm001 balfour 01.ogg Balfour: (This job is unbelievably cushy, especially on this salary... I'm lucky I ended up with a boss like Elchingen!)
Media:vo dialog eqpm001 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: (Never forget, and never forgive. I cannot allow myself to be swayed by them.)
Media:vo eqpm001 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Things in Sumeru have settled down now. Paimon bets people will be coming up with new and interesting ideas at this time.
Media:vo eqpm001 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: How about we take a walk around Sumeru City and see if anyone needs our help? Paimon has a sneaking suspicion that it just might pay off!
Media:vo eqpm001 10 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Bongo-Head and buddies should be able to fight at full power now.
Media:vo eqpm001 10 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: We still have some time before the qualifiers start. Maybe we should spend some more time training our Fungi!
Media:vo eqpm001 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Huh? There's a new bulletin board here! And it has pictures of... Fungi on it.
Media:vo eqpm001 2 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: But Fungi are monsters! We can't let this go ahead! It's way too dangerous...
Media:vo eqpm001 2 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Let's go check out the tournament. If it's as dangerous as it sounds, at least we'll be there to stop things from getting too out of control.
Media:vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 01.ogg Kautilya: Welcome, contestants, to the Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament! I am Kautilya, a senior Amurta researcher and the organizer of today's tournament.
Media:vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 02.ogg Kautilya: I'm sure you're probably all very intrigued by the idea of fighting Fungi and excited at the prospect of our amazing prizes. But at the same time, you may well have some concerns about the safety of this tournament.
Media:vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 03.ogg Kautilya: Worry not! The Wisdom Orb we've developed exclusively for this event makes use of Amurta's most advanced "Intellectual Boost" technology. It is absolutely reliable and safe!
Media:vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 04.ogg Kautilya: So please, cast your reservations aside and enter the tournament with confidence!
Media:vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 05.ogg Kautilya: Also, it gives me great pleasure to announce that this event is sponsored by Mr. Elchingen, a renowned businessman from Fontaine who has generously provided a grand total of sixty million Mora for our prize fund!
Media:vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 06.ogg Kautilya: And if anyone is able to prove themselves capable of carrying out Mr. Elchingen's philosophy by passing the Ultimate Trial, he will be willing to give to them his entire fortune!
Media:vo eqpm001 3 kautlia 07.ogg Kautilya: The only other condition is that the winner must agree to carry on Mr. Elchingen's legacy by hosting the "Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament" in the future...
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Whoa! Paimon can't believe that rich guy threw sixty million Mora at this event, just like that! And, what was all that about inheriting his entire fortune if you promise to keep his beast-taming tournament going...?
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Also, hosted by an Akademiya scholar, huh? Whoa, pretty official. Uh, might be a little inappropriate if we just barged in and tried to shut it down...
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: So, um... Why don't we enter the tournament and see if this "Wisdom Orb" thingy actually works?
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: No, that's not it! It's just... now that everything in Sumeru has finally settled down, don't you think it'd be a little unfair to Nahida if we keep picking trouble with the Akademiya?
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: And he sounded really confident. Paimon's curious about how this mysterious Fungi-taming device works!
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Although they've caused us trouble in the past, the Fungi aren't just aggressive monsters, right? They're more like... wild animals with bad tempers.
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Since there's no longer any safety concerns, we don't need to worry. Maybe we can even try becoming friends with the Fungi! Paimon thinks that would be fun!
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Besides, if we do well in the tournament, we'll be able to earn some extra Mora. There are basically no drawbacks!
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Yep! That's the way we roll!
Media:vo eqpm001 3 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Looks like we sign up over there. C'mon, let's grab a Wisdom Orb and enter the tournament!
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 01.ogg ???: Golden Comet (Traveler) and Silver Companion... So. You're competing too?
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 02.ogg ???: You're a tough duo, if the posters are to be believed. Some mercenaries who managed to escape from you painted your portraits, warning others to avoid messing with you at all costs.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 03.ogg ???: Unfortunately, the rules of this tournament state that beast tamers aren't allowed to use their weapons, or even fight each other directly. Your impeccable combat skills won't be any use to you here.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 04.ogg ???: The tournament is about capturing Fungi, training them, and commanding them in combat. There's no way of knowing whether commanding Fungi is a skill you'll be able to master in time.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 05.ogg Haniyyah: The name's Haniyyah. I used to work for the Eremites, taming grumpy Sumpter Beasts. Ended up with a reputation for being a beast tamer, so they got me involved with testing the Wisdom Orb early on.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 06.ogg Haniyyah: Anyway, my name ain't worth remembering — I'm just an illiterate nobody, all I'm good for is doing odd jobs for Eremite mercs. Just think of me as another contestant.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 07.ogg Haniyyah: I do have a lot of experience taming beasts, though. Want me to teach you?
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 08.ogg Haniyyah: You guys are worth me getting to know — as allies or opponents, 'cause either way, you can get rid of some obstacles for me in this competition. Of course, I'd prefer allies if possible.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 haniyyah 09.ogg Haniyyah: Alright then. Take this Wisdom Orb and let's go catch some Fungi at the designated area.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Huh, looks like the people ahead of us are still signing up. Let's wait our turn.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Huh? You know us? But... what's with those names? We've never heard them before...
Media:vo eqpm001 4 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Uh... Paimon doesn't know whether to be flattered or to try and explain that we aren't as scary as the rumors suggest...
Media:vo eqpm001 4 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: That's true... We've never captured a Fungus before, and wouldn't know anything about how to get them to fight.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Wait a second, you don't look like a staff member. What are you lecturing us for? Who are you anyway?
Media:vo eqpm001 4 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Well, that was blunt... but also quite honest.
Media:vo eqpm001 4 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: It's definitely better to have an expert teach us than figure everything out on our own, right? What do you think, should we take her up on her offer?
Media:vo eqpm001 4 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: She gets right to the point, doesn't she?
Media:vo eqpm001 5 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: This is where you'll capture your Fungi. The Fungi in this area are highly compatible with the Wisdom Orb, and they're ideal for training and competing with.
Media:vo eqpm001 5 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: The Wisdom Orb can capture and store Fungi. It also serves as a controller.
Media:vo eqpm001 5 haniyyah 03.ogg Haniyyah: I recommend giving each Fungus a code name to make commanding them easier. For example, this one next to me is Pyro-1, which means "Pyro Fungus No. 1."
Media:vo eqpm001 5 haniyyah 04.ogg Haniyyah: Uh... Thanks, but no thanks. I've got my own way of naming them and I'm gonna stick with it. It's simple, straightforward. It helps me with managing them.
Media:vo eqpm001 5 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: You just go off their element and then number them? Hmm, seems kinda boring to Paimon... Uhh, this Fungus looks pretty lively. Why don't we call it "Bouncy Happyshroom"?
Media:vo eqpm001 5 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Yeah, you're probably used to calling it Pyro-1 anyway... Alright, we'll stop, but wait until you hear the great names we come up with for our Fungi! You might want to reconsider then.
(Obtain Wisdom Orb)
Media:vo eqpm001 6 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Hee-hehe, Paimon's a Fungi-naming expert! Every one of these will sound really cool when you call them out in the arena!
Media:vo eqpm001 6 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: The round hat on this little guy's head kinda looks like a drum, don't ya think? The first thing that came to Paimon's mind when she saw it was... If you hit it on the head, it's definitely gonna go "bing bong"! Hmm... How does the name "Bongo-Head" sound?
Media:vo eqpm001 6 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: But look how happy it looks! That means it likes the name. Okay then! Bongo-Head it is!
Media:vo eqpm001 6 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Aw, Bongo-Head's just like a little puppy... Paimon's never seen this side of a Fungus before.
Media:vo eqpm001 6 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: From now on, we need to look out for each other, Bongo-Head!
Media:vo eqpm001 6 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Okay, let's go catch some more Fungi and make a team for Bongo-Head!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: Great, you've now collected all four Fungi. The next step is to use the "Floral Jelly" provided by the organizers to boost your Fungi's abilities. That way, they'll be able to unleash powerful skills during combat...
Media:vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: Pyro-1, take it out!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 03.ogg Haniyyah: ...Was that supposed to be a compliment?
Media:vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 04.ogg Haniyyah: First she calls them "buddies," then she talks about wanting to live with them... Ridiculous. She sounds just like Elchingen.
Media:vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 05.ogg Haniyyah: Well. Looks like you've mastered everything already, and moved on to helping others. I'm delighted for you.
Media:vo eqpm001 7 haniyyah 06.ogg Haniyyah: I'll see you around. Good luck.
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 01.ogg ???: *whimper*... I can't go on... too weak...
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 02.ogg ???: Wait... it's not an enemy! It's my shroom buddy!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 03.ogg ???: I'm j—just a little too tired to walk right now... But I still need to find three more shroom buddies to qualify for the tournament...
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 04.ogg ???: I wasn't counting on running into other contestants here... Maybe this is the end of the road for me. Twirly-Whirly on its own is no match for you...
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 05.ogg ???: Look after Twirly-Whirly for me... take him with you to the top!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 06.ogg ???: R—Really? Then... could you please help me collect the rest of the four shroom buddies I need? Does this mean my luck is finally starting to change...?
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 07.ogg Layla: Um... my name is Layla. I'm just a student in the Rtawahist Darshan, so I don't have any impressive titles or anything... And my goal is to, uh... to make it into the quarterfinals.
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 08.ogg Layla: If I can make it to the quarterfinals, I'll get to take my shroom buddies home and delegate some of my physical labor to them. Of course, I'll take good care of them too.
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 09.ogg Layla: Aah, this is pretty embarrassing, but uh... so I must have some sort of congenital sleep disorder or something, 'cause I can never seem to get enough sleep, and I'm always really low on energy.
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 10.ogg Layla: Even the smallest amount of exercise makes me... Well, you saw me just now. I get so tired, I collapse from exhaustion. So when I said "physical labor"... I just meant basic stuff like moving books around or fetching things I need from the store...
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 11.ogg Layla: What's wrong? That beast tamer, is she... angry?
Media:vo eqpm001 7 layla 12.ogg Layla: Thank you so much! I'll try my best to contribute, too. I don't want to be a burden to you guys.
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Paimon can't believe we're making progress so quickly. It's all thanks to your help, Haniyyah! Alright, let's all return to the arena now...
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Huh? Look, someone's staggering along with a Fungus running circles around her... Is she being attacked?
(A Floating Anemo Fungus is seen circling Layla)
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: She's collapsed! Let's go see what's happening!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Are you hurt? How bad is it?
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: You mean... you're a contestant too?
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Hey, don't give up! It's not like we're a bunch of Eremites trying to steal your Fungi... uh, your shroom buddies. We're better than that!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: You should at least hang in there until we're in the arena, so we can compete against each other properly!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Haniyyah over here is a professional beast tamer. And despite knowing that we might be her fiercest competitors, she still gave us lots of help and advice!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: State your name and mission! Golden Comet and Silver Companion shall gladly come to your aid!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Oh yeah, Paimon read that in the rules somewhere. All quarter-finalists get to take home any Fungi of their choice...
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: But, what do you mean, "physical labor"? You're a student. Shouldn't you be busy with coursework and writing papers?
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 12a.ogg Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 12b.ogg Paimon: Ah, you don't need to be embarrassed about that, it's totally normal! Paimon delegates chores to (Traveler) all the time.
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: Huh? Why is Haniyyah leaving all of a sudden?
(Haniyyah leaves)
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 14.ogg Paimon: We haven't thanked you or Pyro-1 yet, Haniyyah! Let's at least go get something to eat together...
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 15.ogg Paimon: Hmm... probably not? She's pretty blunt and doesn't make a great first impression, but she's definitely not a bad person! Otherwise, why would she have helped us?
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 16.ogg Paimon: Yeah, we'll see her again, and when we do, let's give her some gifts to show her our gratitude!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 17.ogg Paimon: In the meantime, let's follow her example by doing our best in the tournament, helping other contestants, and making sure Layla gets to compete!
Media:vo eqpm001 7 paimon 18.ogg Paimon: Nicely done! Now that we've put together Layla's team, she should be eligible to take part. Let's head back to the arena and confirm with them.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 elchingen 01.ogg Elchingen: Don't be so pushy, Mr. Kautilya. Droning on about the Akademiya's business ambitions is hardly respectful to our honored guest who has traveled all the way from the Land of Thunder to be here.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 elchingen 02.ogg Elchingen: Not to mention that Guuji Yae is busy catching up with her friends. I daresay it was both unnecessary and discourteous to interrupt their conversation like this.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 elchingen 03.ogg Elchingen: Why, to hear such high praise from the great Guuji Yae is more prestige than I could ever hope for. Please, should you require anything at all, do not hesitate to seek my assistance. I will do everything within my ability to make your stay in Sumeru an enjoyable one.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 elchingen 04.ogg Elchingen: Also... To have the renowned Traveler here at the tournament is an unexpected delight. I'm very much looking forward to seeing you in action.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 kautlia 01.ogg Kautilya: Guuji Yae! What an honor to finally meet you! We're so privileged that our tournament is your first destination in Sumeru!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 kautlia 02.ogg Kautilya: How you jest, Guuji Yae! Those such as your esteemed self deserve nothing short of the most lavish reception Sumeru has to offer.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 kautlia 03.ogg Kautilya: I see you've already had the chance to try out the Wisdom Orb? What are your thoughts on the future prospects of this technology? You know, with your blessing, it can be introduced into Inazuma, allowing you to swiftly resolve the situation of—
Media:vo eqpm001 8 layla 01.ogg Layla: Actually... I hope I don't have to fight you guys in the later stages, either...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 layla 02.ogg Layla: She's... terrifying... but she also seems really dedicated to her craft. I hope we can be friends.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 layla 03.ogg Layla: Uhh... I have no idea how to respond to that...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 layla 04.ogg Layla: Traveler, Paimon, I really appreciate all your help!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 layla 05.ogg Layla: But, I wanna get to know my four shroom buddies a little better and prepare for the qualifiers, so... I'll go do some training now!
(Layla runs off)
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Let Paimon see how the qualifying rounds are looking... Great! We're in a different group from Layla, so we won't have to compete against each other in the early stages of the competition!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: M—Miko? What are you doing here? Is Paimon hallucinating?
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Who knew there'd be such a big turnout? Even Miko's here...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Yeah! Just 'cause you're with Miko doesn't mean we'll go easy on you!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: She's our new friend, Layla. We met her while we were out capturing Fungi.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Layla's entering the tournament 'cause she wants to take her trained Fungi back home to live with her. Her goal is to make it to the quarterfinals!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Don't push yourself too hard, Layla! You'll end up collapsing from exhaustion again!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Miko, what are you doing, scaring our new friend off like that!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Huh? Isn't that the organizer? And that super-rich businessman is here too...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Miko, they're here to do business with you, right? Should you really be turning them away like this? Especially the rich guy? Paimon thinks working with him could have a lot of advantages for Yae Publishing House...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: So it wasn't just us! Yeah, we started out with some safety concerns about this event, but the Wisdom Orb seems pretty amazing!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: At least, all the Fungi we used it on have been very well-behaved, like our Bongo-Head here. Seems we don't need to be too nervous after all.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: Coming here was a great idea! Look at us, making new friends, bumping into Miko... This competition is shaping up to be a whole lot of fun!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 paimon 14.ogg Paimon: Come on, let's go get some Floral Jelly for Bongo-Head's training, like Haniyyah suggested!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 souka 01.ogg Souka: Yes, Chief Editor!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 souka 02.ogg Souka: For the s—sake of my readership, I... w—won't back down! I'll b—b—beat... b—beat you!
Media:vo eqpm001 8 souka 03.ogg Souka: I—I wouldn't say I'm feeling that, exactly! J—Just thinking about competing against Her Excellency's Hanamizaka tour confidante is m—making me so nervous, I'm losing my, m—my, my m—mind...
(Souka trembles)
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: Oh? Hello there, little ones.
(Yae Miko approaches with two people following her)
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: Sure enough, you're at the center of the action once again. You two truly are like the main characters in your own light novel.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 03.ogg Yae Miko: Hehe, this tournament was advertised far and wide, including all the way over in Inazuma. They even handed out flyers in front of Yae Publishing House.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 04.ogg Yae Miko: Don't you think a tournament like this makes a perfect candidate for light novel treatment?
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 05.ogg Yae Miko: Yae Publishing House is working on a bestseller that, if all goes to plan, will stay a bestseller for the next fifty years. The theme is "friendship and rivalry," so we decided to bring our up-and-coming author, Souka here, to gather some inspiration.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 06.ogg Yae Miko: I, of course, need to ensure my writers' manuscripts are up to par. So, I will be taking part in the tournament myself to get a little taste of what it's like.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 07.ogg Yae Miko: Here's my little partner in crime. Souka named it "Blitzara" — I think it's rather good. Very distinctive.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 08.ogg Yae Miko: Souka, come say hi to the little ones. They are set to be some of the fiercest competition you face in the tournament. You should put them in your novel as major characters.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 09.ogg Yae Miko: Ooh, yes, more of that! Do you feel that, Souka? Declaring a challenge to your arch-enemy-in-the-making before the competition begins is a key plot device that helps build dramatic tension.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 10.ogg Yae Miko: Hmm, in that case, head back to the inn and capture your nervous breakdown in writing while it's still fresh. This'll make excellent source material, too.
(Souka and the other person leave)
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 11.ogg Yae Miko: And who is this softly spoken little lady?
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 12.ogg Yae Miko: Training Fungi... and then domesticating them?
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 13.ogg Yae Miko: How fascinating... You must be full of secrets. There's an intriguing story to be told here, no doubt.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 14.ogg Yae Miko: I'm Yae Miko, a light novel editor — purely out of personal interest, and right now, what I'm most interested in is you... Nice to meet you. The pleasure is all mine.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 15.ogg Yae Miko: Oh? Am I really so terrifying? Well then, I'll simply have to talk to her again another time to clear things up...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 16.ogg Yae Miko: But that can wait... Judging from your expression, it seems like you have something you want to say to me, little one.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 17.ogg Yae Miko: I'm comforted to know that you didn't lose your heads amidst the hype, and you're not just in this to have some fun. Unfortunately though... it appears that we're about to be interrupted.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 18.ogg Yae Miko: Goodness, I presume that the tournament is proceeding very smoothly indeed? Otherwise, how would the host and sponsor themselves have the time to spare to chat with contestants one on one?
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 19.ogg Yae Miko: Ahem... Right now, I am nothing but an ordinary editor-in-chief. I'm here to enjoy my vacation and gather some inspiration along the way, and if I can at all help it, I'd rather not concern myself with such weighty topics as the future fate of nascent technologies...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 20.ogg Yae Miko: A most pertinent remonstration coming from you, Mr. Elchingen. You do conduct yourself in such an unobtrusive manner... much as you have in your entire career, quietly amassing an enormous fortune while remaining almost entirely unknown...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 21.ogg Yae Miko: Promoting an entirely new event throughout all of Teyvat so rapidly would be an impossible feat for any ordinary businessman. I, for one, do not wish for Yae Publishing House to be the subordinate partner in a business relationship with him.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 22.ogg Yae Miko: Besides, the tournament has only just begun. Who knows whether it will go on to be a success? I want to focus on trying to enjoy myself, while keeping one eye open for potential liabilities.
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 23.ogg Yae Miko: Fungi may look adorable, but they carry potent elemental energy inside their bodies. Letting one's guard down around these creatures would be an unwise move, don't you think?
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 24.ogg Yae Miko: Oh, Paimon, you're just as carefree and enthusiastic as ever. Well, it's about time for me to get into character. As a contestant, I need to go and get ready for the tournament...
Media:vo eqpm001 8 yaemiko 25.ogg Yae Miko: See you in the qualifiers. Blitzara, say goodbye to our friends.
(Blitzara jumps several times, then leaves with Yae Miko)
Media:vo eqpm001 9 balfour 01.ogg Balfour: Ah, the champions-to-be, here at long last! Come on now, use the Floral Jelly and awaken your Fungi's true potential!
Media:vo eqpm001 9 balfour 02.ogg Balfour: Of course, I was standing right next to you when you collected your Wisdom Orb. I couldn't find a convenient opportunity to introduce myself, as Haniyyah was busy explaining the tournament to you...
Media:vo eqpm001 9 balfour 03.ogg Balfour: With an expert mentor like Haniyyah, I'm sure you'll become excellent beast-tamers in no time!
Media:vo eqpm001 9 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Champions-to-be? Hehe, thanks for the compliment! So you've heard about us too?
Media:vo eqpm001 9 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: If even the staff are singing her praises, Haniyyah must really know what she's doing! Well, all the more reason to give it our all!
Message Board: "Activity areas only include areas around the arena and the main roads of Port Ormos. Please do not bring your Fungi to the following public areas: Wikala Funduq, shops, and restaurants."
Message Board: "After the results of the preliminary rounds are finalized, audience members can leave a comment on this competition billboard to show their support for the competitors or to share their thoughts about Fungi!"
Message Board: "All comments will be screened and evaluated by staff before they are posted. Please refrain from leaving comments that are over-the-top and be nice!"
Message Board: "Competition Rewards - Top 8: Sizable amount of Mora, limited-edition Nilotpala Cup Season 1 Honorary Title, and the permission to keep the ace Fungus..."
Message Board: "Currently, this competition is unknown to some members of the population. Panic or chaos may occur if Fungi were to appear in front of individuals who are unaware of the competition. It is recommended that everyone manage their Fungi accordingly."
Message Board: "Fungi Activity Rules - Rule #3: Fungi that are registered and controlled by a Wisdom Orb are allowed to move around freely in areas proximate to the arena. Beast tamers, please pay extra attention to the activity borders."
Message Board: "Once the preparation phase ends, the staff will confirm whether the contestants have collected four Fungi as required, and will randomly put together the preliminary round schedule."
Message Board: "The Corps of Thirty will referee the competitors to ensure that all rules are followed. Competitors who violate the rules will be disqualified immediately. If the violation is considered a gross offense, further responsibilities may be pursued and punishment from the Akademiya may occur."
Message Board: "The Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament has begun! Hundreds of contestants are capturing and putting together their team of formidable Fungi!"
No matter if you intend to meet the Kitsune Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine or the Editor-in-Chief of Yae Publishing House...
Paimon: A sizable amount of Mora? Wait... They didn't include the actual amount...? And what's this about the permission to keep your Ace Fungus? Do they mean we can take one home to keep as a pet?
Paimon: Ahem! What Paimon meant was, if there's anything about the Fungi. Like whether the Fungi can be shown in public or not... and stuff...
Paimon: Hehe, let's see if we can find it!
Paimon: Let's keep reading...
Paimon: This is giving Paimon a headache... Paimon doesn't want to read any of this. Let's just skip it! The prize money is what's most important anyway...
Paimon: Uh... There are so many clauses here! There's even a... disclaimer?
Paimon: Wow... the rules are really strict! They're really serious about this. We should be careful as well!
The astute and beauteous Yae Miko is capricious and unpredictable in her ways, doing completely as she pleases.
Want to try commanding Fungi in combat and experience the thrill of defeating powerful opponents?
Yae Miko - Astute Amusement
You follow Haniyyah to the designated Fungi-catching zone.
You help Layla find three more shroom buddies to complete her set...