 Are you Jiawei?
 Did it grant your wish?
 Quest DescriptionThe Inazuman angler Kujirai Momiji has something that she wants help with...An Inazuman fisherwoman, Kujirai Momiji, has always wanted to catch a legendary great fish called the "Lunar Leviathan." She plans to assemble all her old friends and embark on a journey to find it — and she invites you to join her.
 What "Lunar Leviathan"?
 What should we do?
 Your old pal will be disappointed.
Jiawei: A legendary creature like the "Lunar Leviathan" will not be caught easily.
Jiawei: Additionally, as a married man, how could I abandon my family? I must take on the role of being head of the household!
Jiawei: After all the hard work and sweat I put in to marry such a generous and wonderful woman! So, I must apologize...
Jiawei: Ah! I nearly lost my life at that time. The ocean is like a beautiful woman, only a welcoming sight every so often...
Jiawei: Although I cannot accompany you on your journey, I will help in another way. I will pass on my years of fishing experience and knowledge to you.
Jiawei: As for Kujirai, she also did not forget. Her wish was... Uh... Um, uhh...
Jiawei: Don't talk like that...let me think...
Jiawei: Now focus! Jiawei's magical fishing training is about to begin! Once training is over, you can go look for him.
Jiawei: Oh — the "Lunar Leviathan"! Of course it's about the "Lunar Leviathan"! That experience really stays with you.
Jiawei: Oh, right? Aren't you guys in a hurry to find Nantuck? Don't worry, that guy's been hibernating like an old sea turtle. He's stayed in Mondstadt all this time, it's said that he's writing a book?
Jiawei: So, accept my training, inherit my knowledge and then go pursue the legendary fish!
Jiawei: The ocean is like a beautiful woman, only a welcoming sight every so often...
Jiawei: Then I will send you off with my best wishes, I hope you guys succeed!
Jiawei: Yes, what do you want?
Kujirai Momiji: "Lunar Leviathan"...
Kujirai Momiji: A couple of years ago, because of each of our respective wishes, two friends and myself set out to sea to pursue the "Lunar Leviathan". One was Jiawei and the other was Nantuck.
Kujirai Momiji: A few days later, we still could not find the way home. We were out of fresh water and though no one said anything, everyone was getting desperate.
Kujirai Momiji: As for Nantuck, I heard he started writing books about marine biology. When you meet Jiawei, you can ask him where he is.
Kujirai Momiji: Because a few years ago, I may have personally encountered a "Lunar Leviathan"...
Kujirai Momiji: But the journey was turbulent. We encountered a violent thunderstorm. And although our fishing boat survived, our compass got damaged and we were lost in an unknown patch of ocean.
Kujirai Momiji: Have you found Jiawei and Nantuck?
Kujirai Momiji: He didn't know but we weren't asleep at the time. We heard him sneaking out and we rushed to grabbed [sic] him. And in that moment we all saw a giant shape under the water.
Kujirai Momiji: Hmph, even though everyone believes they are just legends...I believe it's real.
Kujirai Momiji: I heard about you from the Fishing Association. Seeing you today, you are indeed as young and promising as they said. I hope I didn't get the wrong person.
Kujirai Momiji: Jiawei is located at Liyue Harbor, I heard once he returned to Liyue he never left again. I'm sure he still reminisces about the "Lunar Leviathan" as well.
Kujirai Momiji: No! It's true! Believe me! We can definitely find it again.
Kujirai Momiji: Oh, hey there! You must be the fisherman sent by the Adventurers' Guild, huh? I'm Kujirai Momiji, an Inazuman fisherwoman.
Kujirai Momiji: Recently I have been searching for a fish that is from legends. It's called the "Lunar Leviathan". According to the legends, it has the power to grant people's wishes.
Kujirai Momiji: The shape glowed faintly, shining little by little, as if pieces of the moon were dropped underwater.
Kujirai Momiji: To the point where one night, Jiawei wrote a suicide note, put it in a bottle and was about to throw it out to sea.
Kujirai Momiji: Was it a "Lunar Leviathan"? We were desperate so we believed so, we asked it to grant us safe return to our homeland.
Kujirai Momiji: Well let's go find my old pals first. They're both seasoned fishermen and having them accompany us would help a great deal.
Kujirai Momiji: Well... kind of. The story goes like this...
Kujirai Momiji: Yep, whether you can believe it or not, we survived. When the magical shape began swimming away, we followed it and it led us back home.
Paimon: Aww...That's such a touching legend!
Paimon: Huh? We came here to invite you, don't you want to come with us?
Paimon: Wowee — a wish-granting fish! Paimon likes these kinds of legends!
You tell Jiawei why you're here.