 ...Um, who are you?
Ulman: Come on, it's me, Ulman! We teamed up to look for treasure before, remember?
Ulman: ...Right, the Treasure-Seeking Seelie! You remember that at least, right?
 And who shall the treasure go to?
Ulman: Well... The items you find themselves are yours — I'll stake no claim on them.
 As long as the price is right.
 As long it'll have me...
 A—A Seelie?
 Couldn't hurt to try...
 Guess we'll split the goods fifty-fifty?
Ulman: Oh ho, looks like you know the rules... But no, I'll decline my share of any treasure you find.
 I'm no expert in Seelie communications...
 It's this sort of Seelie again...
 Not going to keep it yourself?
 Oh, you're the guy with the Treasure-Seeking Seelie...
Ulman: Right, that's me, Ulman. We teamed up in the past, remember?
 Quest DescriptionA certain fellow named Ulman is at the Inazuman seaside, puzzling over his present situation...
 Sounds suspect.
 Sure. Why are you here in Inazuma?
 What Seelie magnet?
 You know this is a closed country, right?
 You're one lucky man.
Ulman: *cough* Well, more on that later. Either way, wanna try working with this Seelie?
Ulman: *sigh* But the weather grew stranger the closer I drew to Inazuma. The thunder peeled and the storms roared...
Ulman: *sigh* Seriously, am I some sort of Seelie magnet?
Ulman: ...I heard from an, ah, acquaintance that Inazuma's a place chock-full of treasure, so I came here to try my luck.
Ulman: ...Right, the Treasure-Seeking Seelie! You remember that at least, right?
Ulman: A treasure-Seeking Seelie, to be precise. As the name suggests, they are the best buddies of people who seek treasure.
Ulman: According to the information I have, there should still be some treasure around. I've jotted the general areas down in my notebook.
Ulman: Ah, come on, no need to be on your guard. Come on, I'm just an ordinary guy looking to make some money in Inazuma.
Ulman: Ahem. So, uh... You remember how you found me all those Iron Coins during our last partnership, yes?
Ulman: And bam! One lightning bolt from the sky hit my boat dead on, wrecking it, and I was hurled into the sea.
Ulman: And it will be, friend, I assure you! We're long-time partners now, you can trust me!
Ulman: And, hmmm, how should I put this? So I had a look around once I'd reached shore, and...
Ulman: But as you know, there're always ways and means of spending Mora. I've quite spent the whole amount by now...
Ulman: But either way, now that I'm here, I'm not leaving empty-handed.
Ulman: But for reasons I can't understand, it just decided to quit on me after finding a few treasure sites. Now it just spends its time circling around me.
Ulman: But if you find any Iron Coins, just bring those beauties to me, and I'll make sure to give you a good price for 'em.
Ulman: But like the previous bunch, it also got tired after searching a few sites with treasures in them, and now it just circles around me over and over...
Ulman: But of course, Inazuma's a closed country, right? So I got together with some friends to come up with a plan. I got myself a boat that way, and prepared to cross the ocean and get to Inazuma.
Ulman: But since this fellow isn't looking too enthusiastic, I'd wager that it would be too tall a task for me...
Ulman: But there's a chance that you'll unearth some Iron Coins while you're looking for treasure...
Ulman: But without a Treasure-Seeking Seelie, there's no way I'd be able to find them, so it's up to you, Traveler.
Ulman: Come on, it's me, Ulman! We teamed up to look for treasure before, remember?
Ulman: Great! That makes two... no, three of us. Partners!
Ulman: Haha, it's not an issue, don't worry. I mean, look at this fellow, bouncing with excitement and all — I'd wager it's taken a liking to you!
Ulman: Hahaha, you can say that I've always been this way.
Ulman: Happy hunting. Traveler... and here's to our profitable partnership!
Ulman: Here, take my notebook. Happy hunting, Traveler, and here's to a profitable partnership!
Ulman: I don't know either. Maybe I'm some sort of Seelie magnet?
Ulman: I had them sold off and made a tidy sum of Mora myself... Hehe. Thanks for that, by the way.
Ulman: I met this little fellow.
Ulman: I've given it some thought, and I reckon that it has gotten sick of my slow rate of unearthing treasure, and now looking for a new partner.
Ulman: If you find any of that ancient currency, please bring them to me.
Ulman: If you're interested, Traveler, why don't you take up that role?
Ulman: Listen, I've got an earnest proposal. A profitable proposal, too. Interested, by any chance?
Ulman: Most people won't take these, but I'll give you a good price for them.
Ulman: Not to mention how I no longer had a Treasure-Seeking Seelie, so there was no chance that I'd be able to find those Iron Coins without further help from you.
Ulman: Now, where was I? Right. So I made arrangements with those "friends" of mine and got my hands on a boat for a fee. With that, I made ready to sail to Inazuma.
Ulman: Oh ho, looks like you know the rules... But no, I'll decline my share of any treasure you find.
Ulman: Oh, it's... it's you, Traveler! Fancy meeting you here as well!
Ulman: Or maybe there's something on my person that attracts them? I don't really get it either...
Ulman: Right, that's me, Ulman. We teamed up in the past, remember?
Ulman: Same deal as last time: I'll mark the spots for you, and you'll find the treasure for me. The items you find themselves are yours — I'll stake no claim on them.
Ulman: So while I was cooking up some other way to finance myself...
Ulman: So, what say you partner up with your old buddy Ulman again, eh, Traveler? Your Treasure-Seeking Seelie should still be raring to go.
Ulman: Somehow, I bumped into this little one again, and it helped me find a few treasures, to boot. So I thought, "oh, these must also be Treasure-Seeking Seelie..."
Ulman: Take this book with you. The locations I've marked out on them have treasure buried in them somewhere.
Ulman: Waves came crashing in. I got a few mouthfuls of seawater as I struggled before fainting. When I came to again, I was lying on the beach.
Ulman: Well then. The books yours, and so's this Seelie.
Ulman: Well... The items you find themselves are yours — I'll stake no claim on them.
Ulman: Yes, yes, of course. Well... Let's just say that I have my ways.
Ulman: You're... the Traveler? Oh my, your timing is impeccable!