 And I'm (Traveler).
 Defense... Deficiencies...?
 Hmm...
 Looks like he has some ulterior motives...
 Quest DescriptionStrange rumors are spreading in Port Ormos about a "groaning Akademiya researcher." You wonder what happened...
 Sorry, Hostile Stressor-what again?
 Well, now that you've said this much...
 Will do!
Jami: "Jami the Mushroom Sample." Wouldn't it be funny if that's how I wound up being remembered by history...
Jami: "Why can't I move my body!?" You may think to yourself. But it will be of no use. The paws will still stay so close to you that you can even see the dirty water and mud-stains on it.
Jami: (Traveler) and Paimon. Right, noted. So, how may I help you...?
Jami: *sigh* If you'd met me in the past, I would debate the veracity of such a slanderous title. But now... forget it.
Jami: *sigh*... What's going on, you say? Well, have you heard of this thing that happens for us researchers called "publishing our research"?
Jami: A scholar? Why bother being a scholar? If I had learned to draw in the Akademiya and became an illustrator, I wouldn't have ended up here... Haha... Hahahaha!
Jami: Ah, thank you! Thank you! Does this mean I can finish my thesis now? I'd even sell myself to you if you can help me do that!
Jami: And that's why I started by researching creatures from Sumeru and Liyue...
Jami: Anyway, I'm stuck at the "publish your research" part. The courses at Akademiya have a tight schedule already, and I have to get my thesis proposal passed in time.
Jami: As I said, you will subjectively feel time slowing down... But your body may not be able to keep up if you aren't agile enough...
Jami: At least the Akademiya's resources wouldn't be wasted then. I might even be taken back there as some special mushroom sample to be dissected by some real scholar...
Jami: But my thesis proposal has already been submitted. There's no time to switch topics. What can I do?
Jami: By the way, please hold this. It's a special potion for my research that works within the testing grounds.
Jami: Fighting monsters... Hah, whatever. Let's just do it. I might get heavily injured, but maybe my mentor might take pity on me and grant a pass to this poor student...
Jami: For example, if you quaff a Fayz Potion as a Spinocrocodile pounces on you but you aren't agile enough to dodge its lunging attack...
Jami: Go back to where you came from, little one. Don't disturb a young man, mired, adrift, without a future. People like me should just shrivel like a silent mushroom in the dark corner of the forest...
Jami: Good food, traveling, fame, things like these are just side benefits. I wouldn't reject them, of course, but... *cough* Either way, we're getting off topic.
Jami: Heh... a "Study on the Defense Deficiencies of Biological Structures in Response to Hostile Stressors"...
Jami: Here's how it works: you will subjectively feel that time will slow down in a very extreme manner after taking the "Fayz Potion." It'll feel like one moment is eternal.
Jami: How am I supposed to finish this whole thing...? And with an unfinished thesis, I won't be able to graduate...
Jami: I didn't think that my mentor would let it pass or that it would get praise in the Akademiya. But there was no way back from there, so my report became...
Jami: I know, right? But my mentor just said "is this even worth looking into?" and refused my request... Absolutely ridiculous.
Jami: I thought so too, but it's not that simple.
Jami: I was too impulsive for my own good. Some researcher I am! I should just go feed myself to a Rishboland Tiger! Wait, no. That might hurt. Maybe I should drown myself in the river near Vimara Village instead. The water's cool and clean there...
Jami: It's called the "Fayz Potion," and it was formulated by my seniors at Amurta. It's expensive and complicated to make, so I've only managed to make a few...
Jami: My proposals have been rejected twice. "The Edibleness of Mushrooms on the Back of Shroomboars" was the first one. I actually thought that one was pretty good...
Jami: Publishing independent research is how we prove that we are capable, self-sufficient scholars. That's how we graduate from under our mentor's tutelage and enter the academic world, where we can then gain renown...
Jami: R—Really? But it's a very dangerous job...
Jami: So, don't underestimate your opponents just because you feel that time is moving slowly.
Jami: Some weak spots, which should have been well protected, will end up exposed when they make certain movements. And those are the Weaknesses I'm collecting for my research.
Jami: Sorry... apologies for my lack of composure. How about this, then? Let's go to the testing ground I've prepared.
Jami: That way, we can travel to places in Teyvat in the name of collecting research material, with research grants sufficient to cover even fine food and drink!
Jami: The deadline for submitting the thesis proposal was drawing near, and so I wrote up a very ambitious proposal in a fit of pique... You know, as a way of saying "you old man, how dare you call me unambitious!"
Jami: The fate of my research is in your hands...
Jami: The research topic of your study should ideally be a bit obscure. To put it in simple terms, creatures in combat will more or less reveal some weaknesses in their defenses.
Jami: The second time, I applied to research "The Ecological Environment and Aquaculture of Floating Hydro Fungi," but got rejected again by my mentor, who called the topic too unambitious...
Jami: Then you will see how its claws are ever so close to your face, yet your body just won't move out of the way...
Jami: There's no other way around, I fear.
Jami: This way, you can do more detailed photography and observations!
Jami: Ugh... My academic career has been sunk before it could even start...
Jami: Uh, I was just saying... In truth, I dream of doing great things in the academic world.
Jami: Well, being awesome doesn't help you fight monsters or take pictures of research materials. I'm just a fragile researcher. This subject is way too dangerous for me!
Jami: Well, this is about my test subjects after all. You know, my mentor wanted me to observe every living being in Teyvat. An impossible task, I tell you!
Jami: What...? "Groaning Akademiya researcher"? Are you talking about me?
Jami: Yeah. What about it, little one?
Paimon: (Traveler), let's just help him, shall we?
Paimon: Became what?
Paimon: But hey, guess he's real. Hey, "groaning Akademiya researcher"!
Paimon: Fine food and drink, huh... Say, you wouldn't mind elaborating on that, would you?
Paimon: It's still kinda hard to understand... but it sounds awesome!
Paimon: Jami? Oh, so that's your name.
Paimon: No worries! We're pretty good at fighting monsters!
Paimon: Nope, Paimon doesn't know what you're talking about. Doesn't sound delicious or interesting either.
Paimon: Paimon didn't realize that we had walked all this way here...
Paimon: Please don't do that!
Paimon: The name's Paimon! Not "little one"!
Paimon: This is too far from Port Ormos...
Paimon: Uh, you totally don't have to! And we don't wanna buy you, anyway...
Paimon: Wait a moment, couldn't you just do that yourself?
Paimon: Well, it certainly sounds like a good subject. One that warrants a couple hundred experiments, for sure!
Paimon: Well, we just heard about the rumors of "groaning Akademiya researcher" in Port Ormos and wanted to know what was going on.
Paimon: What's this potion gotta do with your experiment?
Paimon: Whoa, poor guy! It's partially his fault for ending up like this, but still...
Paimon: Y'know, when we first heard that there was an Akademiya researcher in Port Ormos who groans all day... Paimon thought it was some kind of strange tale.
Paimon: Yikes...
You follow Jami to the testing grounds...