 Maybe something went wrong with the poll?
 Maybe they had a change in plans?
 Quest DescriptionThe voting results for Ayaka's outfit will soon be revealed...
 Step DescriptionSome sort of mistake seems to have been made in the voting process for Ayaka's outfit...
(Traveler): (So that's what Ayaka was thinking...)
Media:vo yweq002 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Today's the third day of the competition. The voting results for Ayaka's outfit should be ready, right? Let's check the Bulletin Board in Inazuma City.
Media:vo yweq002 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Paimon wonders which outfit theme won, hehe.
Media:vo yweq002 1 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Whoa, there's already a crowd gathering in front of the Bulletin Board. Let Paimon see! Coming through!
Media:vo yweq002 1 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Huh, what're they talking about? Paimon's kinda confused.
Media:vo yweq002 1 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Oh, look! There are some options for the outfits... "Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji"? "The Case Files of Miss Orith"?
Media:vo yweq002 1 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Hold on, didn't they say the choices were gonna be between the four seasons of Inazuma? When did they switch to cosplay outfits from light novels?
Media:vo yweq002 1 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Paimon thinks we need to find out what happened. C'mon, let's find Ayaka at the Yashiro Commission!
Media:vo yweq002 1 tetsuya 01.ogg Tetsuya: Just as I predicted. After all, "The Case Files of Miss Orith" is a recent bestseller. Not only is the story interesting, but the book's illustrations of Fontaine outfits are also really unique.
Media:vo yweq002 1 tetsuya 02.ogg Tetsuya: Besides, don't you think that Miss Orith's character is a good fit for Miss Kamisato?
Media:vo yweq002 1 yuu 01.ogg Yuu: Oh, I didn't expect the votes to differ by that much. I thought for sure that Masako would win, given that Warrior's Spirit is a competition unique to Inazuma!
Media:vo yweq002 1 yuu 02.ogg Yuu: Well... Miss Orith is fiercely competitive, but loves to play pranks on others, which is nearly the complete opposite of Miss Kamisato. However, it'll be interesting to see Miss Kamisato in a Fontaine outfit.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 01.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Traveler, Paimon, it seems you've also heard about the results.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 02.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Please wait, Onodera. There might be yet another solution.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 03.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: The poll error is something that only the competition organizers are aware of. The public didn't seem to notice anything wrong with the ballots.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 04.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Moreover, there were no complaints when people thought that outfits from popular works would make an appearance in the exhibition match. On the contrary, everyone seemed to think it was a special surprise.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 05.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Since our goal was to generate interest in the competition, the consequences of this mistake shouldn't be viewed a "blunder."
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 06.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Yes, I think we should just make the best of this mistake. In the final exhibition match, I'll simply wear whichever outfit accumulated the most votes.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 07.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: It won't be a problem. The Fontaine-style dress from the novel shouldn't be too heavy, so it won't affect my abilities.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 08.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: I'll try to get used to it, even if it's quite different than something I'm accustomed to wearing.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 09.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Thank you. It's a lot to handle, but I'm sure you can manage.
(Onodera and Mizuta leave)
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 10.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: No, please don't worry. I actually feel relaxed and even a little joyful at the moment.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 11.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Before, the thought of wearing a fancy dress on the stage of the exhibition match had me worried. I was concerned about whether I would be presentable enough to meet the audience's expectations.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 12.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: However, if I'm wearing the same clothes as a fictional character, then it shouldn't be too big of an issue. The detective in the novel is known for being mischievous and doing things her own way.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 13.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Everyone watching the exhibition match will be able to experience something new in a traditional form.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 14.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: And that's not all... Deep down, I've always been looking forward to the day I could wear something different from what I normally do.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 15.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Traveler, not long after we met, I remember you mentioning that Liyue, Mondstadt... and every nation has their own unique fashion.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 16.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: At that time, I couldn't imagine that one day I would be able to experience all these foreign places. But now, all those wishes that were once impossible don't seem so far out of reach.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 17.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Besides, my mother was always curious about outfits from other countries when she was alive. This time, I will be able to fulfill my mother's dream.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 18.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Thinking about it that way, this special outfit can indeed be called a surprise.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 19.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Yes, I know you will do great, Traveler.
Media:vo yweq002 2 ayaka 20.ogg Kamisato Ayaka: Onodera and I will also head to the arena to watch your fight once we've confirmed my outfit's measurements.
Media:vo yweq002 2 mizuta 01.ogg Mizuta: I'm terribly sorry, I was the one who mixed up the two voting boxes! By the time Mr. Onodera came back from his business trip, the results had already been announced...
Media:vo yweq002 2 onodera 01.ogg Onodera: *sigh* In an effort to keep things confidential, we specifically didn't mark the ballots with the title of the poll. I regret that decision now that everything's gotten mixed up.
Media:vo yweq002 2 onodera 02.ogg Onodera: Miss Kamisato, we're the ones responsible for this blunder. I'll go reorganize a vote right now and we'll set things straight.
Media:vo yweq002 2 onodera 03.ogg Onodera: Yes, but... that will make things difficult for you, Miss Kamisato. Unlike outfits tailored for martial arts, the outfits from the novels aren't designed for combat.
Media:vo yweq002 2 onodera 04.ogg Onodera: Alright, I understand. In that case, we'll proceed with Miss Kamisato's proposal.
Media:vo yweq002 2 onodera 05.ogg Onodera: The outfit we prepared for the readers' meet and greet will be tailored and adjusted according to Miss Kamisato's figure. We'll ensure that the outfit is completely ready for the exhibition match!
Media:vo yweq002 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: No way... something did go wrong with the outfit voting.
Media:vo yweq002 2 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Yeah, and we're not the only ones... It felt like everyone we saw on the way here was talking about it. What are you going to do?
Media:vo yweq002 2 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Wait, Ayaka, so do you mean that—
Media:vo yweq002 2 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Wow, Ayaka is speaking calmly, but Paimon can still feel her courage!
Media:vo yweq002 2 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Ayaka, will you really be okay wearing some character's cosplay in the exhibition match? You're not pushing yourself because we're here, are you?
Media:vo yweq002 2 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Huh, in that case, this whole accident with the vote turned out to be a good thing, hehe. Well, now that this is all settled, let's get ready to go to the arena.
Voting Results for the Emissary's Outfit: ...
Voting Results for the Emissary's Outfit: I hereby announce the result of the voting, which was calculated in a transparent and fair manner.
Voting Results for the Emissary's Outfit: Voting Results for "The Case Files of Miss Orith"...
Voting Results for the Emissary's Outfit: Voting results for "Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?"...