 And the Knights can't help with this?
 And this is where I come in.
 Excuse me, have you been watching us this while time?
 I thought people didn't go around asking others to do stuff during the Windblume Festival...
 It's pretty good.
 Just a friendly neighborhood Knight.
 Oh, sure. You're just going to have to go on a little trip with me first.
 Pretty easy to remember.
 Quest DescriptionVile has caught wind of some concerning news and would like you to go and investigate.
 Sounds like their style.
 They won't be giving us any trouble.
 When the wind blows the flowers about...
Crestfallen Citizen: Actually, that's true. Why should I be so down just because I got rejected? This festival isn't over yet.
Crestfallen Citizen: Don't worry about me. I just need a bit of time to get my feelings under control again.
Crestfallen Citizen: Hmm? Is something the matter?
Crestfallen Citizen: I wonder if I still have a chance...
Crestfallen Citizen: Thanks for the encouragement. I'll pick myself back up for sure!
Crestfallen Citizen: Well, yes, that's this time of the year for sure. I know, I know, I should be enjoying it.
Paimon: Look, over there! Guess the Treasure Hoarders really were here after all... Let's get 'em, and quickly!
Paimon: Looks like that person misunderstood. Well, at least they're not someone suspicious...
Paimon: Um, it's nothing. Sorry for disturbing you...
Paimon: Well, guess that's not too important. Didn't he say that they were going to meet up at Windrise? Let's go check it out.
Paimon: Well, guess that's one guy in Knight custody. But Paimon wonders how they got here so fast...
Paimon: Well, that seems to have been an ordinary citizen. Let's go ask someone else.
Paimon: Well, that's settled, then. We should go report back to Vile.
Restless Citizen: *sigh* What flowers should I send...
Restless Citizen: Eh? What is it?
Restless Citizen: What about that? It's totally normal.
Restless Citizen: Wind? Flowers? You mean Dandelions?
Suspicious Citizen: Ah, so you're one of ours. You're just in time: I've got my eyes on a pair of careless little lovebirds. What say we go get us some Mora, eh?
Suspicious Citizen: Eh!? Wait, you ain't a Treasure Hoarder. Who are you?
Suspicious Citizen: Oh? Hmm... that's when bystanders should watch out.
Suspicious Citizen: Wonderful, this place is positively buzzing!
Suspicious Citizen: You attract their attention, I'll cut their purses. Once we've got 'em, let's head back to Windrise and meet up with the rest. Wonder how they're doing...
The Knights of Favonius rush to the scene and take the suspect away.
Vile: According to intelligence from that gentleman, some Treasure Hoarders have already infiltrated the city in all the hubbub, and are currently amidst the shops, pretending to enjoy the festival, when they are simply laying the groundwork for future operations.
Vile: Ah, as expected of the Honorary Knight. Well done. You did well chatting up that Treasure Hoarder previously as well... as expected of the one that gentleman has his eye on.
Vile: Ah, don't fret. This request does not fall within the usual strictures of the festival.
Vile: All in all, thank you for the help. Please take these, and don't be shy about it. These are funds that our dear gentleman set aside for me to use.
Vile: Alright then, let's get to the heart of things. According to the intelligence that I've gathered, the infiltrating Treasure Hoarders all carry a pouch to help identify each other, and will use a code to inform their comrades' identities.
Vile: And it's good that you think so. Still... this might not quite fit in with the festive mood, but perhaps you might be able to help me with something related to the festival.
Vile: As you've surely noticed, the Windblume Festival is a most busy time. People come and go, hustle and bustle... Almost everyone's completely immersed in the festive mood. The Knights will be too busy maintaining order to pay any attention to anything else...
Vile: At times like these, it's the duty of concerned citizens to... share the load a little.
Vile: Defenseless crowds overworked Knights... To ones such as the Treasure Hoarders, this must surely be a great opportunity.
Vile: How goes the matter of the Treasure Hoarders?
Vile: I'll see you around, then. Have a nice day.
Vile: If the Knights being a large-scale search now, they will not only alert the Treasure Hoarders but also ruin the atmosphere. Yet we cannot leave these criminals be...
Vile: Of course. That gentleman specifically asked for you in this case, too. According to him, you're the best person for the job.
Vile: Once you have the intel in hand, please take the opportunity to take care of all of them.
Vile: Those who can recite this code would be our infiltrators. You should be able to get the location of their outdoor base from them.
Vile: Well, Honorary Knight, the duty of sharing the Knights' burden falls to you.
Vile: Well, more accurately, "that gentleman" would like your help in this matter.
Vile: Well, we're counting on you, Honorary Knight.
Vile: When the wind blows the flowers about — that's when bystanders should watch out.
Vile: Why they must be at their wits' end just trying to maintain order during the festival.
Vile: Why, if it isn't the Traveler. We meet again. How are you finding the city's atmosphere?
Vile: Why, of course! How else was I going to call the Knights over in the nick of time, hmm?