 A backdoor?
 And the truth behind the Fungi attack...
 Dottore...
 First things first, we need to tell Haniyyah the truth.
 Haniyyah needs to see things differently.
 I have faith in Bongo-Head!
 It's every man... or shroom for themselves!
 Me too.
 Not as eagerly as you're confessing to your crimes.
 Pyro-1 has become more than just a pawn to you.
 Quest DescriptionIt is the day of the grand finale. Can you change Haniyyah's mind and find a proper way to help the Fungi settle down? Everything hinges on your success!
 Regarding your ancestors...
 Say no to prejudice.
 Thanks for all your support!
 The arena hasn't been taken over by bad guys...
 The timing worked out perfectly.
 The victory speech is yours to make, Paimon.
 Then you'll finally understand.
 There are too many of them...
 This was all part of Elchingen's plan.
 Time to put your gift of gab to good use!
 Treat your Fungi right.
 We'll earn the rights to all these Fungi.
 We'll leave the rest to you.
 We'll make sure they're all properly looked after.
 We'll show you how.
 We'll show you.
 Where do you think you're going?
 Yes. It's painfully obvious.
 You can continue your confession in jail.
 You finally made your move.
 You're just in denial.
 You're the one giving the orders.
 You're the one that needs to change.
 You've worked for Dottore before...
...
As for Elchingen, the results of the initial investigation reveals that 60 percent of his sponsor funds came from illegal sources. The rest were his business earnings in Sumeru. Because this Fatui informant is quite a complicated case, the Akademiya will arrange for specialized personnel to deal with this matter.
As of now, all involved personnel within the Akademiya have been detained. They shall face just judgment. Sido, leader of this operation, has confirmed all locations of interest. Criminals at large are highly likely to show up around these areas. The Corps of Thirty can acquire them with no more than a limited number of people.
Cyno's Missive
Everyone discusses the final decision together, down to the precise wording.
Fortunately, everything went smoothly with the tournament. No one was hurt, and there were no property losses. The tournament even brought financial gain to Port Ormos.
I have included Sido's report at the front of this letter. Take a look if you're interested — it may help you understand the situation better.
Kautilya made use of his status and Elchingen's funds to bribe relevant personnel. He obtained samples and documentation, then hired a few talented students to work on enhancing the two products. By making them safer and more reliable, Kautilya would then use this tournament as a cover for his true intentions — causing damage in Sumeru.
Lastly, please say hello to Guuji Yae on my behalf. If the chance arises, I would like to spar with her in a duel. I hope she'll not be very against some powerful decks with certain styles.
Media:Vo eqpm005 3 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: What a dynamic duo... Haniyyah and Pyro-1 are so strong together!
Media:Vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 05.ogg Hanniyyah: Pyro-1, release the explosion!
Media:Vo eqpm005 4 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: It's okay, Bongo-Head, Hanniyyah and Pyro-1 aren't going to hurt you for real!
Media:vo eqpm005 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: *yawn* ...Ready? Today's the big day, the Nilotpala Cup final!
Media:vo eqpm005 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: We have to defeat Haniyyah, make her see the light, and expose Kautilya!
Media:vo eqpm005 2 elchingen 01.ogg Elchingen: Ladies and gentlemen, after some fierce competition in the rounds so far, we arrive, at long last, at the final of the Nilotpala Cup! It's time to find out who is the very best beast-tamer of all: Haniyyah or the Traveler, (Traveler)!
Media:vo eqpm005 2 elchingen 02.ogg Elchingen: If the winner of the final round makes it through the Ultimate Trial, they will acquire my entire fortune. It will then be their responsibility to continue hosting this tournament into the future and to promote the philosophy of peaceful coexistence throughout all of Teyvat...
Media:vo eqpm005 2 layla 01.ogg Layla: I believe in you guys... I know you'll be able to get her to come around!
Media:vo eqpm005 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Kautilya isn't here today... This is our chance! After the final match and the Ultimate Trial, we'll go tip off Elchingen, and confront Kautilya head on!
Media:vo eqpm005 2 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Miko, Layla, you're here!
Media:vo eqpm005 2 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Yeah, we can't afford to let our guards down now. We gotta fight Haniyyah first, the strongest beast-tamer out there. And we still have no idea what we're in for with Elchingen's Ultimate Trial.
Media:vo eqpm005 2 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: How are we gonna get through to Haniyyah, though...
Media:vo eqpm005 2 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Aw, yeah! Bongo-Head, Twirly-Whirly, and Blitzara, the tightest power-trio in all of shroomdom!
Media:vo eqpm005 2 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: With your powers combined, winning this final will be easier than taking a radish from a hilichurl!
Media:vo eqpm005 2 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: Much as I expected. The insufferable research maniac has exposed his true colors to our two protagonists... You seem to be edging ever closer to the truth.
Media:vo eqpm005 2 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: Holding off on reporting Kautilya to the Akademiya seems like a sensibly cautious decision at this stage. Who's to say if Kautilya — or indeed, anyone else for that matter — is really who they appear to be?
Media:vo eqpm005 2 yaemiko 03.ogg Yae Miko: The answer should be quite obvious by now, surely?
Media:vo eqpm005 2 yaemiko 04.ogg Yae Miko: Take all of our Fungi and defeat her fair and square. Force her to let go of her stubborn attitude and listen to the truth.
Media:vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: The day has finally arrived, (Traveler) and Paimon.
Media:vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: I warned you not to get emotionally attached to the Fungi. You have to treat them as your pawns...
Media:vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 03.ogg Haniyyah: But it seems like you haven't changed one bit. In which case, this match will be a short one.
Media:vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 04.ogg Haniyyah: *sigh* ...Time to show you how a real beast-tamer fights. Your feeble strategy will be your undoing! Go, Pyro-1!
Media:vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 05.ogg Haniyyah: Don't worry, Pyro-1. They're about to reach their limit.
Media:vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 06.ogg Haniyyah: It's time. Torch 'em all!
Media:vo eqpm005 3 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Yeah! When we send Bongo-Head and buddies into action, it's like clockwork! And we ain't about to stop tickin'!
Media:vo eqpm005 3 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: We have no choice! Let's use "Chillaxifying Water Bubbles!"
Media:vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: How in the... Pyro-1, why did you hold back?
Media:vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: "Compassion"? You really think I feel anything for these Fungi?
Media:vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 03.ogg Haniyyah: Enough! Don't patronize me! In case you've forgotten, this match isn't over yet.
Media:vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 04.ogg Haniyyah: Give it your all, Pyro-1! Show them what you're truly made of!
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Don't blame Pyro-1, Haniyyah. And don't force yourself to do something you don't want to. You started having second thoughts when Pyro-1 got injured during the semifinals, didn't you?
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: You'd never met a well-matched opponent until you fought Miko and now us, had you? So you've never had to put Pyro-1 or any of your other Fungi in danger before.
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: When you saw one of your Fungi get injured for the first time, you realized you felt compassion for it.
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Haniyyah... You grew up listening to terrible tales about the horrors of Fungi. Paimon completely understands how they made you feel.
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: But that doesn't mean that you should just treat a buddy who stands by you here as your arch-enemy... You won't be able to lie to yourself forever.
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: We fight off fierce Fungi all the time, and we always used to think of them as "monsters," too. The whole reason we entered this tournament is because we didn't want Fungi causing any trouble.
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: But after meeting Bongo-Head, we realized that if you just give them some time and treat them well, the gentler Fungi will get to know you and treat you like their friends!
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: At the very least, treat the Fungi like they're on your side. Not as your pawns, and certainly not as your enemy! Please, learn to trust Pyro-1 and your other Fungi friends.
Media:vo eqpm005 4 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Alright! Use Sobering Splash to the Face and defeat Haniyyah once and for all!
Media:vo eqpm005 5 elchingen 01.ogg Elchingen: I just had to say — what a magnificent duel! A battle between competing philosophies as well as a showdown between two top beast-tamers!
Media:vo eqpm005 5 elchingen 02.ogg Elchingen: Why, I'm here to witness the final duel and the winner's spectacular performance in the Ultimate Trial! How could I possibly miss such a milestone moment in this tournament's history?
Media:vo eqpm005 5 elchingen 03.ogg Elchingen: Come now, Traveler, Paimon. It's time to prove yourselves. I have no doubt that you'll play a significant role in bringing this tournament to a whole new level.
Media:vo eqpm005 5 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: I've failed... Just before the most important step of all, I've failed...
Media:vo eqpm005 5 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: You two... you were the only ones who could stop me. But how, when your mindset is so childish?
Media:vo eqpm005 5 haniyyah 03.ogg Haniyyah: Pyro-1? You want to take it with you?
Media:vo eqpm005 5 haniyyah 04.ogg Haniyyah: ...Fine, if that's what you want. I lost, so I don't get to call the shots. ...And I guess Pyro-1 would rather be with someone who actually cares about it.
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Haniyyah, as we agreed, you have to hear us out now that we've won.
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: But let's put that aside for now. Can we bring Pyro-1 along for the Ultimate Trial?
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Yep! We wanna pass the Ultimate Trial with everyone's Fungi side-by-side: Bongo-Head, Twirly-Whirly, Blitzara, and Pyro-1.
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: We looked through your notebook that day after we spoke to you, and it cleared up a lot of things. You're right to be concerned about the dangers of Fungi, up to a point.
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Wisdom Orbs come with health risks to some people. This tournament shouldn't have been promoted so widely, and there are limits to how closely Fungi and humans can coexist in general.
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: However, by making constant improvements to the Wisdom Orb and using it for friendly communication with the Fungi, we can figure out which are the nice ones and gradually learn more about them.
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Cheer up, Haniyyah! Paimon's sure you mean a lot to Pyro-1... We have more important stuff we gotta tell you after the Ultimate Trial!
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: That's right! You'll see things differently after you know the story, Paimon just knows it...
Media:vo eqpm005 5 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Elchingen? What are you doing in the arena?
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 01.ogg Elchingen: The Traveler is correct. Nothing gets past you, does it? In which case, I presume you planned for this eventuality... no?
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 02.ogg Elchingen: Hmm, not far off. You're right about Kautilya's motivations — this started when he discovered a promising use for a forgotten technology.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 03.ogg Elchingen: So I bought his loyalty and organized this tournament to expand the reach of his technology. Though I must say, I never expected a prize catch like yourself to take the bait so eagerly.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 04.ogg Elchingen: Ooh look at you! I've got chills down my spine. But I'm afraid that's not happening.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 05.ogg Elchingen: Kautilya added a handy little backdoor in the Wisdom Orbs. Soon as I send the command, all Fungi under their control report to me instead.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 06.ogg Elchingen: Very impressive, you hit all the key notes there. I hold the tournament a few times, build up an army of Fungi living amongst the people... and then I can create all kinds of damage. You have to understand, this is a huge opportunity for me.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 07.ogg Elchingen: My accomplishments will eclipse those of all my other comrades. And then, my dear master Dottore, who left because of you, will finally realize that I can still be worth something to him...
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 08.ogg Elchingen: But now... I think I might go one step further.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 09.ogg Elchingen: Getting rid of you would be doing a major service for all the Fatui, from the foot-soldiers to the harbingers. This could be a career-making moment for me... I'll finally earn Master Dottore's respect...
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 10.ogg Elchingen: I'll just say it was a tragic accident. You placed too much trust in the Fungi, tried to push past the limits, and ended up causing the whole arena to collapse with you still inside.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 11.ogg Elchingen: Once this domain's sealed off, no one will ever find you. I'll have Kautilya assume all liability and criminal charges, then inform the Akademiya.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 12.ogg Elchingen: After that, I'll invest even more into this tournament, in the name of honoring your memory. I'll promote it harder, the competitions will be bigger and more frequent...
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 13a.ogg Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 13b.ogg Elchingen: Take your time. Pit Fungi against Fungi and warriors against warriors. I want the Traveler to see (his/her) "buddy" being destroyed... Then, once (his/her) faith is utterly shattered, put (him/her) out of (his/her) misery, quickly and painlessly.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 14.ogg Elchingen: I accept that our actions thus far have not been beyond reproach... but at least we can give the Traveler the ceremonious final farewell that they deserve.
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: What's going on here... Why are there Fatui everywhere?
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Elchingen, the arena's been taken over by bad guys! We'll deal with them — get yourself to safety!
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Wait a second... Where is the exit?
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Wait, this is all wrong... Isn't this the Ultimate Trial? Kautilya's supposed to be the villain! He was just using this tournament for his own agenda, and he tricked you into sponsoring him...
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: So... you weren't being fooled by Kautilya. It was you using him! This whole time you were just another lousy Fatui!
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Now Paimon's mad! So much for warning you about Kautilya... Bongo-Head, get him!
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Twirly-Whirly? Blitzara? Pyro-1? What's going on!?
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: So, this whole tournament... It was just an elaborate ploy to get other people to capture Fungi for you! And now you're gonna make them all into your evil minions!
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: You... selfish, double-crossing monster! How could you!?
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Grr... Paimon's heard just about enough from you, mister! You'll never get away with this!
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: But... what are we gonna do? You don't have any weapons on you, and our shroom buddies won't respond to us anymore!
Media:vo eqpm005 6 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: Bongo-Head, use your... something... anything-Waterballoon! Wake everyone up!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 01.ogg Elchingen: This isn't right... I've activated the backdoor command three times now on the Floating Hydro Fungus, why is it still obeying the Traveler?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 02.ogg Elchingen: Is Kautilya's device malfunctioning?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 03.ogg Elchingen: Yae Miko... Y—You broke the domain-sealing spell?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 04.ogg Elchingen: Curses...
Media:vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 05.ogg Elchingen: Hold the line, and keep your heads. They're just a handful of Fungi. We still have the upper hand.
Media:vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: Elchingen... So this was all YOUR doing!?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: Whatever threat the Fungi might pose, your nefarious ambitions are the true menace here...
Media:vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 03.ogg Haniyyah: Pyro-1... Are you really waiting for me?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 04.ogg Haniyyah: I'm sorry, I... I've been so harsh on you, but you still trust me...
Media:vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 05.ogg Haniyyah: Go, do what you have to do.
(Pyro-1 breaks free from the backdoor command)
Media:vo eqpm005 7 layla 01.ogg Layla: C'mon, Miss Yae... Let's go help them!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 layla 02.ogg Layla: Is this the moment Miss Yae said we were waiting for...?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 layla 03.ogg Layla: Twirly-Whirly, I believe in you! Take this crook down... *coughing*
(Twirly-Whirly breaks free from the backdoor command)
Media:vo eqpm005 7 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Bongo-Head! Are you okay!?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Miko! Layla! ...And Haniyyah, too!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Huh? Look, Blitzara's back to normal!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: The backdoor command is wearing off... They're all returning to normal!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: ...Well, one way or another, it looks like all the Fungi have returned to their senses! Great!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Shame on you, Elchingen! You're about to pay for what you've done!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: We have to win this! Paimon believes in you, Bongo-Head!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Victory is within our grasp! Bongo-Head, use Waterbomb of Final Justice!
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: Oh dear, the poor thing still hasn't realized.
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: The technology in the Wisdom Orb does make Fungi more obedient to their beast-tamers, but all it does to achieve this is suppress some of their basic instincts, allowing them to communicate with their owner as effectively as any other animal.
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 03.ogg Yae Miko: The trust that these four Fungi place in their beast-tamers, and the bond they now share, have grown stronger than the Wisdom Orb.
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 04.ogg Yae Miko: Please! You thought your crude replicas could keep me out? You appear to have woefully underestimated who you're dealing with...
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 05.ogg Yae Miko: Not to mention that shoddily designed backdoor command... Did you honestly believe that no one would notice the litany of vulnerabilities in your grand plan?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 06.ogg Yae Miko: Easy now, Layla. All that's left for us to do now is to watch and wait. The bond of companionship is not something so easily severed by the designs or devices of humans.
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 07.ogg Yae Miko: Blitzara, you haven't completed your mission yet. You're not thinking of giving up now, are you?
(Yae Miko waves her gohei and the Elchingen's Wisdom Orb deactivates)
(Blitzara breaks free from the backdoor command)
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 08.ogg Yae Miko: Still doubting what your heart tells you, Haniyyah?
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 09.ogg Yae Miko: You're afraid... afraid to accept that the Fungus you treated as a pawn now trusts you completely. Because then you'll be forced to face your true feelings, which you have been trying so desperately to escape from.
Media:vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 10.ogg Yae Miko: But don't keep your Fungus waiting much longer... Look, now that it's no longer under the Wisdom Orb's control, it's waiting for your orders.
Media:vo eqpm005 8 elchingen 01.ogg Elchingen: Beaten by a few measly Fungi... This is absurd!
Media:vo eqpm005 8 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Miko! Why didn't you stop him!?
Media:vo eqpm005 8 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Huh, cryptic... Well, no time to figure that one out — on with the chase!
(The player is teleported out of the arena)
(The Traveler and Paimon walk towards Elchingen and Kautilya surrounded by Corps of Thirty)
Media:vo eqpm005 8 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: Hmm? Oh, I'm just a tourist. As far as I'm aware, I don't have the authority to detain anybody within Sumeru's borders... Is that not the case for you, too?
Media:vo eqpm005 8 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: Still, you needn't worry. He won't escape. You'll see once you get back to the tournament arena.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 dashpalm 01.ogg Ajilenakh Dash: Yessss! That's what I'm talkin' about, woop-woop!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 elchingen 01.ogg Elchingen: You might think this is over, but mark my words...
Media:vo eqpm005 9 elchingen 02.ogg Elchingen: You haven't seen the last of me... or of Master Dottore.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: Lady Kitsune told me everything. The Fungi that attacked my ancestors were out of control because they'd gone berserk.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: Everything I thought I knew about the Fungi was based on a misunderstanding. I took it all much too far...
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 03.ogg Haniyyah: You don't have to say any more... I was too closed-minded, I know that now. I kept telling myself the same things, lying to myself until I became numb...
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 04.ogg Haniyyah: But now, I've seen the truth with my own eyes. Even without the Wisdom Orb, Pyro-1 willingly followed my instruction. It trusted me all along...
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 05.ogg Haniyyah: I hold my hands up: I was wrong. You're well within your rights to criticize me, and I accept whatever punishment you deem appropriate.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 06.ogg Haniyyah: Oh, so THAT's my punishment?
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 07.ogg Haniyyah: (Traveler), Paimon, Layla, and Lady Kitsune... What can I say? You're a fascinating bunch...
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 08.ogg Haniyyah: Yeah, don't worry. I get it.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 09.ogg Haniyyah: As a beast-tamer, I accept your proposal. I will do my utmost to care for these Fungi, and treat them like the treasured companions that they are to their masters.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 layla 01.ogg Layla: Um, anyway, now that the organizer and the sponsor have both been arrested, what should we do about the Fungi and this tournament?
Media:vo eqpm005 9 layla 02.ogg Layla: Don't think of it that way, Miss Haniyyah. Spending time with shroom buddies is actually really fun! Right, Twirly-Whirly?
Media:vo eqpm005 9 layla 03.ogg Layla: I'm gonna miss you Twirly-Whirly... Take good care of my best shroom-buddy.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: You're from... the Corps of Thirty?
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: So Cyno's been keeping an eye on this competition, too. He and his people must have been secretly investigating at the same time as we were! Lucky we had some backup!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Oh, quit while you're behind, loser! Have fun in prison, you Fatui low-life!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Wait, Cyno mentioned that he used our evidence. So... is that where Miko was going after the Last 16? To hand it in and make a report?
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Uhh... The more you try playing it down, the more confusing it all sounds...
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Huh? We didn't get to say anything! Miko, why'd you have to steal our thunder?
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Punishment!? What do you take us for! Sure, you said some pretty scary things, and you were way too strict with Pyro-1, but clearly you've already learned your lesson.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: ...Wait, actually, having said that — Paimon has an idea!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Alright! Paimon's got it! Let's go tell everyone else what we came up with!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Ahem... this is Paimon's first time speaking to so many people from a stage like this. Paimon's getting butterflies...
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Paimon and (Traveler) are super happy that we were lucky enough to win this tournament and even expose a criminal conspiracy while we were at it. The responsibility for continuing to hold this tournament in the future now lies in our hands.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: Now, they may have thrown the organizer and the sponsor in jail... but you can all breathe a huge sigh of relief, 'cause the prizes are still being issued as promised!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: However, unfortunately the Wisdom Orbs currently have a harmful effect on their surrounding environment, so they pose a risk to people's health. This means that we won't be able to keep our Fungi friends around for the long term.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 14.ogg Paimon: So for the sake of everyone's well-being, over the coming days, we recommend that everyone entrusts their Fungi into the care of the best darned beast-tamer in town, Haniyyah.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 15.ogg Paimon: But you won't be away from them for too long! While Haniyyah takes care of your Fungi, we'll be talking to the Akademiya with the goal of trying to resolve the current issues with the Wisdom Orb as soon as possible!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 16.ogg Paimon: And of course, this tournament was so much fun, it'd be a real shame if it was a one-off affair... Paimon's sure you've all got a big appetite for more Fungi fun and games!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 17.ogg Paimon: So once the technical issues are all sorted out, and we're all reunited with our Fungi friends, let's battle it out all over again!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 18.ogg Paimon: Come on, Haniyyah, we announced the official decision with everyone watching. You'd better look alive!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 19.ogg Paimon: Hehe, now those sound like the words of an awesome person called Haniyyah that Paimon wants to be friends with! Just wish you'd shown us this Haniyyah sooner.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 paimon 20.ogg Paimon: Anyway, let's spend some final quality time with our shroom buddies. Then we'll all meet up in Port Ormos!
(Obtain Cyno's Missive)
Media:vo eqpm005 9 sido 01.ogg Sido: By order of the General Mahamatra, we're here to arrest Elchingen for grave crimes, and Kautilya for academic misconduct.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 sido 02.ogg Sido: The General Mahamatra has been watching Kautilya closely for some time. He's busy dealing with other affairs today, so he couldn't find the time to apprehend the offenders himself. Thankfully, with all the evidence you gathered, we were able to swiftly bring this case to a conclusion.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 sido 03.ogg Sido: The General Mahamatra wrote a letter for the two of you. Please take a look.
Cyno's Missive
Overview:
Prior to the General Mahamatra's return to his post, the matra were starting to suspect that Kautilya was up to something. Kautliya had Elchingen partner up with him, keeping the most important evidence hidden. If it weren't for the Traveler and Paimon's help in providing crucial evidence, the matra might've spent a longer time investigating the duo's actions.
The Wisdom Orb and Floral Jelly were indeed derived from the "Capturing Device" and "Withering Potion." The latter two share similarities to the Omni-Ubiquity Net from Inazuma, which originates from Liyue's Adeptus Arts. Therefore, one could say the two technologies are based on solid references. However, the "Capturing Device" and "Withering Potion" aren't thoroughly validated due to insufficient development time. They're experimental items created by Amurta researchers for controlling dangerous creatures. These items once resulted in a horrific accident, and therefore should no doubt be locked away forever.
Kautilya made use of his status and Elchingen's funds to bribe relevant personnel. He obtained samples and documentation, then hired a few talented students to work on enhancing the two products. By making them safer and more reliable, Kautilya would then use this tournament as a cover for his true intentions — causing damage in Sumeru.
The matra rounded up another group of Amurta scholars to develop a countermeasure that targeted Kautilya's backdoor command. They planted it into specific Wisdom Orbs and handed them out to the matra on shift at the arena. If anything happens, the countermeasure would be put to use.
Fortunately, everything went smoothly with the tournament. No one was hurt, and there were no property losses. The tournament even brought financial gain to Port Ormos.
As of now, all involved personnel within the Akademiya have been detained. They shall face just judgment. Sido, leader of this operation, has confirmed all locations of interest. Criminals at large are highly likely to show up around these areas. The Corps of Thirty can acquire them with no more than a limited number of people.
As for Elchingen, the results of the initial investigation reveals that 60 percent of his sponsor funds came from illegal sources. The rest were his business earnings in Sumeru. Because this Fatui informant is quite a complicated case, the Akademiya will arrange for specialized personnel to deal with this matter.
...
Traveler and Paimon:
I have included Sido's report at the front of this letter. Take a look if you're interested — it may help you understand the situation better.
The enthusiastic participants and audience do not deserve to be deceived like this. I will be using Elchingen's business earnings as prize money for the participants and compensation for other relevant people. If the funds are not enough, the extra amount will be included in Kautliya's fine.
The Beast Tamers Tournament has a positive influence and might become as well-known as Genius Invokation TCG, so it doesn't need to discontinue just because of two schemers. In the eyes of the general public, you two have taken over as the hosts of this event. Please don't worry too much — I trust that you'll arrange for things accordingly.
Lastly, please say hello to Guuji Yae on my behalf. If the chance arises, I would like to spar with her in a duel. I hope she'll not be very against some powerful decks with certain styles.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 sido 04.ogg Sido: Alright, we'll take the suspects away now. The arena will be unattended while we're gone, but with you here, I can put my mind at ease.
(Sido and the rest of the Corps of Thirty begin to bring Elchingen and Kautilya away)
Media:vo eqpm005 9 souka 01.ogg Souka: That's a good call!
Media:vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: Oh please, spare me that look. I didn't sign up for any of this. I'm supposed to be having a nice vacation, but all sorts of vexing issues keep managing to find their way to me...
Media:vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: After the round of 16, I simply took a walk around Sumeru City with my editors. I did have a very brief conversation with the General Mahamatra, but only because he happened to be passing by at the time. The evidence you gathered was the key to solving this case.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 03.ogg Yae Miko: The rules still stand. These little ones won the tournament and passed the Ultimate Trial, which means they'll be taking Elchingen and Kautilya's place.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 04.ogg Yae Miko: From now on, everything about this tournament will be up to these two to decide. And after all the experience they've gained, I'm sure they are more than up to the task.
Media:vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 05.ogg Yae Miko: Hah! If by that you mean "thank you, Miko," then you're welcome. Haniyyah needed a little pep talk to perk her up so that she would join us in taking a stand against Elchingen. How else was I supposed to motivate her?
Media:vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 06.ogg Yae Miko: Think of it more as a reward for being the runner-up.
Overview:
Prior to the General Mahamatra's return to his post, the matra were starting to suspect that Kautilya was up to something. Kautliya had Elchingen partner up with him, keeping the most important evidence hidden. If it weren't for the Traveler and Paimon's help in providing crucial evidence, the matra might've spent a longer time investigating the duo's actions.
The Beast Tamers Tournament has a positive influence and might become as well-known as Genius Invokation TCG, so it doesn't need to discontinue just because of two schemers. In the eyes of the general public, you two have taken over as the hosts of this event. Please don't worry too much — I trust that you'll arrange for things accordingly.
The Wisdom Orb and Floral Jelly were indeed derived from the "Capturing Device" and "Withering Potion." The latter two share similarities to the Omni-Ubiquity Net from Inazuma, which originates from Liyue's Adeptus Arts. Therefore, one could say the two technologies are based on solid references. However, the "Capturing Device" and "Withering Potion" aren't thoroughly validated due to insufficient development time. They're experimental items created by Amurta researchers for controlling dangerous creatures. These items once resulted in a horrific accident, and therefore should no doubt be locked away forever.
The enthusiastic participants and audience do not deserve to be deceived like this. I will be using Elchingen's business earnings as prize money for the participants and compensation for other relevant people. If the funds are not enough, the extra amount will be included in Kautliya's fine.
The matra rounded up another group of Amurta scholars to develop a countermeasure that targeted Kautilya's backdoor command. They planted it into specific Wisdom Orbs and handed them out to the matra on shift at the arena. If anything happens, the countermeasure would be put to use.
Traveler and Paimon:
You bring Miko and Layla up to speed on your conversation with Haniyyah and your plan for today.
You follow Elchingen to the location of the Ultimate Trial...