 How are the wounded.
Jinglun: We were able to get help in time, so no one is in serious danger... But they'll have trouble moving about for a while.
Jinglun: As such, I'm afraid it's all up to you, Traveler.
Jinglun: I'm very sorry. This should have been our duty...
 I have other matters to attend to.
Jinglun: Um... Alright then. It's fine, we'll think of another way to deal with those monsters...
 I've cleaned the monsters out.
 No problem.
Jinglun: Great! I'll call the others, and we'll head out immediately. The quicker we settle this, the better.
Jinglun: Let's meet back here once we've defeated them all.
 Quest DescriptionThe Millelith soldier Jinglun is fretting about how to defeat the monsters around Qingce Village...
 Sure did.
 What's up?
 You can count on me.
Jinglun: I will, thank you. I'm really sorry... This should have been our task.
Jinglun: *sigh* If only I was more alert...
Jinglun: ...Still, it doesn't add up. Why would such a creature suddenly show up near Qingce Village?
Jinglun: As such, I'm afraid it's all up to you, Traveler.
Jinglun: But that was when a Stonehide Lawachurl came charging out of the nearby woods...
Jinglun: Could you help us defeat that monster, Traveler?
Jinglun: Could you help us with a portion of the monsters, Traveler?
Jinglun: Great! I'll call the others, and we'll head out immediately. The quicker we settle this, the better.
Jinglun: How did it go? Did you defeat that monster?
Jinglun: I and some of my compatriots gave this some thought... and while we can't go too far from Qingce Village, we can help to defeat the monsters near the village itself.
Jinglun: I hope that they'll be able to send us more people...
Jinglun: I will, thank you. I'm really sorry... This should have been our task.
Jinglun: I'd assumed that the monsters around Qingce Village were all the ordinary sort...
Jinglun: I'd just led some troops to clean out one monster camp, and we were looking to get some rest before continuing.
Jinglun: I'm very sorry. This should have been our duty...
Jinglun: It was upon us before we could even react, and many were injured... We were forced to fall back.
Jinglun: It's about Qingce Village again. Those meteorites that came down have caused the monsters around the village to go wild. They've been rampaging across the roads, and Qingce Village is on the verge of being surrounded by them.
Jinglun: Let's meet back here once we've defeated them all.
Jinglun: Regardless, I'll have to report this matter to the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
Jinglun: Thank you very much, but I'm afraid there's been an emergency.
Jinglun: Thanks for your help, Traveler. Here's a token of our appreciation.
Jinglun: That monster is too huge a threat to be left alone, but the other detachments have yet to return from clearing their targets out...
Jinglun: That won't do... We need reinforcements...
Jinglun: That's great... I suppose we can finally rest easy now.
Jinglun: This way, we can help those who are escorting our supplies. However, our scouts tell us that there are quite a few points of monster concentration.
Jinglun: Traveler, over here!
Jinglun: Um... Alright then. It's fine, we'll think of another way to deal with those monsters...
Jinglun: Under the present circumstances, the Ministry of Civil Affairs can't send too many troops to escort those supplies. They would be in trouble if attacked by large groups of monsters.
Jinglun: We were able to get help in time, so no one is in serious danger... But they'll have trouble moving about for a while.
Jinglun: We'd be hard-pressed to take all these camps out in good time by ourselves. And I worry that something might happen to Qingce Village if we take too long...
Jinglun: We're counting on you to defeat that monster, Traveler.
Jinglun: While no major harm will befall Qingce Village so long as we guard it, the supplies we get from the city need to come in from the outside.
Paimon: Let's go clear out the area.
Paimon: That should be the last of them. Let's go back and meet up with Jinglun.
Paimon: This seems to be a rally point for the monsters.