 Enter "1"
 Enter "2"
 Enter "3"
 Enter "4"
 Enter "5"
 Looks like we'll have to find a way to unlock it.
Paimon: But Paimon doesn't see any stone tablets, portraits, notes, carvings or notes nearby...
 There's a dearth of scholars, Treasure Hoarders, and adventurers, too.
Paimon: Yeah. Hmm... This is an unprecedented test!
 Quest DescriptionYou discover a strange conch shell on Twinning Isle in the Golden Apple Archipelago. The sounds that come from within seem to hint at something...
 There's a dearth of scholars, Treasure Hoarders, and adventurers, too.
 We can just shatter it, can't we?
Paimon: Wait! What will happen if the stuff inside breaks as well?
Paimon: Let's find a way to unlock it instead, shall we?
Echoing Conch: "It's right in the center of the island. If the water recedes sometime, or if someone gets in from outside, we'll just have to get them to find it for us."
Echoing Conch: "Mother!"
Echoing Conch: "The tide reached us, so I told everyone to run and get to higher ground. But the family heirloom — I'm sorry... It was a choice between that and getting everyone to safety, so I... I didn't have enough time to get it."
Echoing Conch: "The tides are getting higher by the year. If the water level rises much further, we will stand very little chance of survival..."
Echoing Conch: "There's no other choice. I must tell everyone to pack up their belongings and move to higher ground."
Echoing Conch: "What's wrong?"
Locked Chest: (You must enter the correct code to open this chest. What number do you wish to enter in the first position?)
Locked Chest: (You must enter the correct code to open this chest. What number do you wish to enter in the fourth position?)
Locked Chest: (You must enter the correct code to open this chest. What number do you wish to enter in the second position?)
Locked Chest: (You must enter the correct code to open this chest. What number do you wish to enter in the third position?)
Paimon: Aw, it didn't open... Looks like we didn't enter the correct code...
Paimon: But Paimon doesn't see any stone tablets, portraits, notes, carvings or notes nearby...
Paimon: But since this chest contains "family heirlooms" and is locked using a code...
Paimon: Eh? There's a lock on it. And it's coded, too... Looks like we'll need the code to open it...
Paimon: Found it! Treasure, treasure... Wonder what'll we find inside...
Paimon: It opened! Let's have a look at what's inside!
Paimon: Let's find a way to unlock it instead, shall we?
Paimon: Let's listen carefully to the sounds that the conches make. Maybe those'll give us some clues.
Paimon: Let's listen to the sounds inside those conches again. Let's hope that they can give us some clues about the code...
Paimon: Looks like our only chance are those conches that store sounds.
Paimon: That's gotta mean that the person who locked it thinks that the code they left behind is easy enough to remember.
Paimon: Wait! What will happen if the stuff inside breaks as well?
Paimon: Yeah. Hmm... This is an unprecedented test!