 Are you lost?
 Do you need help with anything?
 I'll lend you a hand.
 Let's save that tab for next time, I suppose.
 Meow, meow, meow?
 Oh, joy, this again...
 On the city walls.
 Quest DescriptionKnight of Favonius Aramis is worried about the flower petals blowing all over the place...
 Someone looking for a cat?
???: Meow... Meeeow...
Aramis: *sigh* More steps here, and a couple of roofs there, up and down, up and down... I don't how long my knees will last at this rate...
Aramis: Definitely not with these knees of mine. They really aren't holding up well...
Aramis: I'm sorry, I don't think I've seen it. If I did, I'm sure I would have had some impression.
Aramis: If you'd asked me to climb up there to rescue it, I'm afraid my knees would have given up the ghost...
Aramis: Oh, what am I to do...
Aramis: We've had to spend no small amount of effort to clear these withered flowers out. But while I can handle the flowers and leaves in the plaza itself, there's not much I can do about the ones that get onto roofs and the city walls.
Aramis: Well then, thank you for your trouble. Here's a little something for your work.
Aramis: Well, I never — so cats are attracted to the flowers too. What a busy festival... Still, it's good that you found that cat.
Aramis: Whenever the Windblume Festival rolls along, people will always offer up all manner of flowers to the Archon statue. Then a gust of wind comes, and off they go, flying every which way.
Aramis: You would? Oh, that's wonderful. Those withered flowers are pretty obvious. You should be able to see them the moment you get on top of a roof.
Lost Cat: Meow-meow!
Lost Cat: Meow... Meeeow...
Lost Cat: Meow... Meow!
Margaret: Haha... Once again. See you around, and happy Windblume Festival.
Margaret: Is that... Butterfly? Oh, it really is you! Where have you been?
Margaret: Oh. I see... That little darling really loves flowers. I thought that she might have chased them here.
Margaret: So it's just as I thought, then... Thank you so much. Butterfly here loves to chase flowers. She's been a real headache during this time, what with there being flowers all over the city and all.
Margaret: Thank you once again — your next drink's on me the next time you visit Cat's Tail. Well, the non-alcoholic ones, at least.
Paimon: Huh, guess there really was a cat. Wonder why it's over here...
Paimon: Huh? What's that sound? Sounds like a cat...
Paimon: Let's get it down from here first. Maybe Aramis knows who it belongs to.
Paimon: Now, where is it? Hmm... Let's keep an eye out while we are cleaning up.
Paimon: Um, hate to break it to you, but Paimon doesn't think it understands a thing you just said...
Paimon: Well, let's clean these piles off the walls while we're at it, huh?
Paimon: Well, that's everything spick and span. Still, we didn't find that cat. Maybe we should look a little more carefully?
Paimon: Whoa... There are heaps of withered flowers. Quickly, let's clear these piles.