 All clear.
 Can you do it by yourself?
 He will be.
 He's still on a mission in a faraway land.
 Hey there. Godwin's asked me to check in on you.
 Leave it to me.
Godwin: Thank you, that would be a great help to me.
 No problem.
 Quest DescriptionThe meteor shower out in the wild seems to have left Godwin all in a fluster...
 She sent you some Dandelion Seeds.
 Sure.
 What might that be?
 What's the matter?
 Why not ask the Knights for help?
Godwin: Ask the Knights for— Well... Suffice it to say that I have my own private troubles.
Godwin: Please lend me a hand in destroying that monster camp. You may consider it as a favor done for the Knights as well.
 You're not heading back?
Glory: *sigh* I hope that he's alright.
Glory: But things being as they are, I don't think I'll be able to find someone who can help me at the moment.
Glory: Godwin? D-Do you know where he is? I haven't heard from him in a good long while, and I've been worried.
Glory: I do hope Godwin is alright...
Glory: I purchased a set of Dandelion Seeds from Flora, and I was looking for someone to help me scatter them from a high vantage point... to let the wind carry them to Godwin.
Glory: I've been staying inside the city, so I've been safe so far. But he's probably still out there accomplishing his mission. If this phenomenon is occurring all over the world...
Glory: If not for these meteorites, I would have asked after his whereabouts with the Knights...
Glory: Oh... I see. Alright then.
Glory: Please take these Dandelion Seeds to him and tell him that I'm doing well. And then... remind him to take good care of himself.
(Obtain Glory's Dandelion Seeds ×1)
Glory: Since you're here, could you help me bring these Dandelion Seeds to Godwin?
Glory: Thank you. He must be in a very faraway place right now. He did set out on that expedition with the Grand Master, after all.
Glory: Thank you. That would be wonderful. Oh, yes. Could you help me with something?
Godwin: *sigh* But even if he received the news, he wouldn't be able to return so soon, either...
Godwin: *sigh* If only the Grand Master could return right now — this problem would be solved in no time at all.
Godwin: After the meteorites fell down, many monsters came under their influence, becoming exceedingly aggressive.
Godwin: Ah, it's you, Traveler. It's dangerous out here right now.
Godwin: Ask the Knights for— Well... Suffice it to say that I have my own private troubles.
Godwin: But if I were to go alone, who knows how long it would take to defeat them.
Godwin: Dandelion Seeds... That's just like her. *sigh* I hope she's not angry with me.
Godwin: Have you managed to wipe all the monsters out?
Godwin: How is she? Is she well? Was she injured? Is she— Well, yes, I know that she's been in the city this entire time, but still—!
Godwin: I can't return to Mondstadt for various reasons, but I can still stay here and help out.
Godwin: I wonder how Glory is getting on...
Godwin: I'm sorry, but I'm counting on you — you must tell her this. Again, my apologies, but I cannot share our private troubles with you.
Godwin: I-It's a very simple matter! You just need to help me look out for it.
Godwin: If left unchecked, they will definitely make huge trouble for us later. I was just getting ready to wipe them out, in fact.
Godwin: If you don't mind, Traveler, could you help me clear their camp out?
Godwin: If you'd like to seek shelter somewhere safe, you should return to Mondstadt as soon as you can.
Godwin: Please lend me a hand in destroying that monster camp. You may consider it as a favor done for the Knights as well.
Godwin: She should still be safe in the city, but I can't help but worry.
Godwin: So could you check in on her for me, please?
Godwin: Thank you for helping me this time as well. Please, take these.
Godwin: Thank you, Traveler. Oh, yes — could you also refrain from telling her that I'm here? Just... just tell her that I'm still on a mission in a faraway land.
Godwin: Thank you, that would be a great help to me.
Godwin: Traveler, did you meet Glory?
Godwin: Uh, so they do have great numbers... But as long as I'm careful, I should be fine.
Godwin: Well, I... I'm staying out here for now. I am a Knight of Favonius, after all — I cannot abandon my post at a moment like this.
Godwin: Well... When you're back in the city, can you help me see how Glory is doing?
Godwin: When you're back in the city... could you help me take note of something?
Godwin: Where in the world is the Grand Master... I wonder if he's received any word that something like this has happened?
Godwin: You have my thanks, Traveler. They should cease to be a threat for now.
Godwin: You should head back to the city. I'm very sorry for asking you to risk yourself out in the wild while all this is happening.