 As for Harry...
Huffman: Harry... still wants to stand guard in the Stormbearer Mountains?
Huffman: Hmmm, well, that's fine. If anything were to suddenly occur there, he should be able to report back quickly.
Huffman: But he can be a bit impulsive. I hope that he can settle this with no mess.
 But there's no one here, is there?
 Have a look at these Orders...
 Here's some Orders for you...
 I have his Orders with me.
 I still have matters to attend to.
Huffman: Alright. I'll find someone else... or think of another way.
(Quest Paused)
 I'll get it to them.
Huffman: Thank you.
(Obtain Orders ×1)
 I'll give it a shot.
 I'll help.
 I've got your Orders right here, you know.
 Let's do this together.
 Quest DescriptionEven though rocks are falling from the skies, some Knights of Favonius are still attending to their duties outside the city. Huffman is rather worried about these knights...
 Really?
 So, about Mack...
Huffman: Oh, he needs to take the kids to the highest point in Mondstadt to watch the meteorites? Haha, that's fine. That's fine.
Huffman: As long as they come back safely, Mack just needs to report what happens to me.
Huffman: Mack's never been good with children. This must have been quite the ride for him.
 Something the matter?
 That nice guard over there will help us out.
 That nice man over there is willing to help.
 They did, but...
 We're done here as well.
 Well, here's the situation...
 Well, so it would seem...
 You can see them from the city too...
 You just need to do your part...
Harry: Alright, then. Please convey my intent to Mr. Huffman. I'm sure he'll understand.
Harry: Great, thank you. There's not one, but a few concentrations of monsters in this area.
Harry: Haha, you've got fine moves, don't you? Thanks so much for your help. I don't think those monsters will return to these parts for a while.
Harry: Hello. Do you need help with anything?
Harry: I have to clean them out in order to ensure this area's safety.
Harry: I want to continue gathering intelligence here — and if someone were to come to harm nearby, I would be on hand to rescue them.
Harry: I've settled matters on my end. How goes it on yours?
Harry: It seems as if the monsters around these parts have been affected by the meteorites. They've become much more violent, and are exceptionally dangerous.
Harry: Let's split up and destroy all the monsters in our respective areas, and we'll link up here once we're done.
Harry: My apologies, but I will have to execute these duties later, as I still have important matters to attend to.
Harry: Not everyone is aware of the call to seek shelter, after all.
Harry: Oh, I'll be heading out soon. You go first. Once we've both completed our work, we'll meet back here.
Harry: Orders? Allow me... So, instructions to return to the city, huh?
Harry: Still, I can't return just yet. Other than these monsters, there are still more roaming about in the Stormbearer Mountains.
Harry: This is a very important matter, I cannot leave while it remains undone.
Harry: Those monsters were really hard to handle...
Harry: We have to be on our guard against those monsters...
Harry: Well, it's precisely because no one's around that I'm free to fight these monsters.
Huffman: "But"? Did something happen?
(Note: The following lines will both play, but the order depends on which you select first)
Huffman: *sigh* It seems that we don't have any good options...
Huffman: Ah, it's you. Well... I'm sure you've seen those falling meteorites.
Huffman: Ah, right, I've made you run about quite a bit, and in these conditions, too. I must thank you properly.
Huffman: Alright. I'll find someone else... or think of another way.
Huffman: As long as they come back safely, Mack just needs to report what happens to me.
Huffman: Between the people who fled into the city to seek shelter and those who fell unconscious without warning, we've got our hands full here.
Huffman: But he can be a bit impulsive. I hope that he can settle this with no mess.
Huffman: But they are currently dispersed out in the wild, and we haven't the extra numbers to go out and look for them.
Huffman: Could you lend me a hand and let them have a look at these Orders?
Huffman: Harry... still wants to stand guard in the Stormbearer Mountains?
Huffman: Here, take these as thanks. If you haven't any other urgent matters, please stay within the city limits.
Huffman: Hmmm, well, that's fine. If anything were to suddenly occur there, he should be able to report back quickly.
Huffman: I'd like to recall all the knights who are currently attending to duties outside so we can settle matters within these four walls first.
Huffman: It's fortunate that none of the meteorites struck the city...
Huffman: Mack's never been good with children. This must have been quite the ride for him.
Huffman: Oh, he needs to take the kids to the highest point in Mondstadt to watch the meteorites? Haha, that's fine. That's fine.
Huffman: So, how has it gone? Have they all seen the Orders?
Huffman: Thank you.
Huffman: While the city itself has been very fortunate to have avoided any meteorite hits, it's chaos outside.
Jill: But if he agrees to take us to a really high place to watch the meteorites, I think... I think we can go back.
Jill: But we'd need to go somewhere really high up to see them if we were in the city.
Jill: But you'd best talk to Will. It was his idea, after all.
Jill: Eh? You mean that weird old guy there? But the last time he came to talk to us, he looked really nasty.
Jill: He just wanted us to go back. Didn't say anything else at all...
Jill: Hmm? Is something wrong?
Jill: Oh, I know about the meteorites. But... we' haven't seen what they look like when they're coming down.
Jill: That man is really weird. He follows us everywhere, and he sounds so fierce, too...
Jill: The guards aren't going to let us get up that high for sure...
Jill: Will said he knew a good spot to watch them, so we came here.
Mack: Afterwards, I'll figure out how to get them to Mondstadt's highest point...
Mack: But I've tried several times to persuade them, and now they won't listen to me at all.
Mack: Eh? You want me to take them to the highest point in Mondstadt and watch the meteors fall? That's... rather dangerous.
Mack: Great, thank you!
Mack: Hello. Do you require anything?
Mack: Hmm... Where would the highest point in Mondstadt be?
Mack: How did it go? Did you manage to convince them?
Mack: I have no idea where their parents have gone, and I don't want to forcibly bring them back, so I've been stuck here guarding them.
Mack: If I were to head back under these circumstances, I don't know what I'd do if something happened to them.
Mack: If you can convince them to return to the city, then I too can leave in peace.
Mack: My part? What does that mean...
Mack: No matter who it is, our word is as good as our bond.
Mack: Not to mention that they're kids, too. I'll have to report this to Headquarters first...
Mack: Of course, I swear it on my honor as a knight and... as an adult.
Mack: Orders? Oh my. Let me have a look... Instructions to return to the city and help to settle various matters...
Mack: Really, those two kids — going out to play at a time like this...
Mack: Really? That's great! Thank you so much— actually, wait... What do you mean "so it would seem"?
Mack: So... could you help me convince them? Maybe they might listen to you instead.
Mack: Thanks for your help. Leave the rest to me — I'll bring them back to the city shortly.
Mack: That's... not how you use it, I don't think.
Mack: Um, so, I could go back to the city, but those two children simply don't want to do the same.
Mack: Well, never mind. As long as we can get those kids back to the city, I'll... I'll figure something out.
Will: Ah, I really can't wait... I wanna see the meteorites falling.
Will: But then we'd need to get way up high. I tried lots of times, but the guards kept yelling at me to come down. I got a scolding from them afterwards.
Will: Hehe... Watching the meteorites from inside the city would be the best!
Will: Help us? Do you mean he can take us to a high point in the city to watch the meteorites?
Will: Hmm? Hello, is something up?
Will: I know, that's why we came out here — to see the meteorites. Don't worry, we'll go back once we've seen them.
Will: I wonder what meteorites falling from the sky are gonna look like...
Will: Really? Let me see them! Wow... these really are the official Orders of the Knights!
Will: That can't be... He looks so weird, and angry, too...
Will: That's why I brought Jill over here.
Will: Well, you go have a word with him. I'll talk to Jill.
Will: With this, that man will take us up to see the meteorites, won't he?