
(Go back to Discuss with Paimon)
 But, maybe this can be explained...
 He stayed in the village.
 He wrote a Best-Selling book.
 Let's go.
 Mmhmm, it's actually a giant sea turtle.
 Quest DescriptionYou couldn't convince Jiawei to join the crew. Will things go more smoothly with Nantuck?You couldn't convince Jiawei to join the crew, so next it's time to try and recruit a Mondstadt fisherman, Nantuck. Maybe this time, things will go more smoothly?
 What do you plan to do then?
 What truth?
Fleein' Lin: Ah! Who is it? Darn...we've been spotted... Brothers, get them!
Fleein' Lin: It's "wealthy!" You should go and read more too!
Fleein' Lin: Not only is it worth a fortune, this alone can buy half of Liyue Harbor! Go back and read more!
Fleein' Lin: Oh please, what do you mean by shabby rock, have you touched a book before in your life? It's called a fossil. A fossil, get it?
Klutzy Bazi: Really? Is it worth that much? Then, with what we have in the camp, wouldn't we be really weather?
Kujirai Momiji checks the book and fossil.
Kujirai Momiji: "Regarding How The Lunar Leviathan Is Actually..." It's actually a...?!
Kujirai Momiji: ...
Kujirai Momiji: After all, that was his wish...alright, for this reason, he is forgiven.
Kujirai Momiji: Although it was all for naught, my father didn't give up. It would be a great honor for a fisherman if he could catch the legendary "Lunar Leviathan."
Kujirai Momiji: But after the next trip to sea...he never came back.
Kujirai Momiji: He had spent decades chasing the "Lunar Leviathan" on the ocean, and once, he almost succeeded.
Kujirai Momiji: I have prepared some fishing training for you, please wait for my good news, I will have to ask you for help then.
Kujirai Momiji: I'm going back to find the items my father left behind. He chased the "Lunar Leviathan" all his life and left a lot of information behind. I'm sure I can find a way.
Kujirai Momiji: Never thought he'd actually be a writer, huh? Pretty talented, so what did he write about?
Kujirai Momiji: No, I don't believe this. It's not true...
Kujirai Momiji: Oh, that's a long name...is it a light novel? Not bad... I'll go buy a copy and read it too... Hmm? Wait a minute.
Kujirai Momiji: Oh? He's become a family man? Haha! That seems like something he would do.
Kujirai Momiji: So, I won't believe such words easily, please help me out!
Kujirai Momiji: What about Nantuck? Did you guys find him?
Kujirai Momiji: What is this guy talking about? How could it be a giant sea turtle? Did he forget that we saw the "Lunar Leviathan" with our own eyes?
Kujirai Momiji: You don't understand, our family comes from a long lineage of fishermen, and my father is also a famous fisherman in Inazuma.
Kujirai Momiji: You guys are finally back, eh? Jiawei didn't come?
Nantuck: Alas, if she knew the truth about the "Lunar Leviathan" she would be devastated.
Nantuck: Based on those clues, I went back out on the field and found out some shocking revelations.
Nantuck: Come come, I am your experienced angling guide. You can let me know about any issues you're having.
Nantuck: Here, I just happen to have a book left by the editor. The truth about the "Lunar Leviathan" is inside.
Nantuck: Hey, young fisherman, I'm glad to see you. What's up, have you run into some trouble?
Nantuck: I found some last time in Wyrmrest Valley. If you don't believe me you can go see for yourself.
Nantuck: I published my findings in a book, I heard it's doing well recently.
Nantuck: In the ancient tales, the "Lunar Leviathan" is an ancient creature, back when many animals lived on land.
Nantuck: It makes sense that Kujirai is still obsessed with finding the "Lunar Leviathan" as her wish is...
Nantuck: It was a pregnant sea turtle that was looking for land to lay her eggs, which was how we found our way home.
Nantuck: Seeing your expression, you probably don't believe me huh? But my research has evidence to back it up.
Nantuck: So go back and tell Kujirai, you eventually have to face the facts.
Nantuck: That night, what we saw was a giant sea turtle with long bioluminescent plants growing on its back.
Nantuck: That's right, the "Lunar Leviathan" is a giant sea turtle.
Nantuck: Their ancestors were active in the Dragonspine area and you can even find fossils of them today.
Nantuck: To be truthful, after from returning from the voyage, I did not stop researching about the "Lunar Leviathan". I finally found a clue in an ancient book.
Old-School Qi: Hey, you guys, do you think this shabby rock is worth anything? It's so rare that it's hidden in the ore.
Old-School Qi: This round rock should be a gem, right? Well, bring it back to camp first!
Old-School Qi: Wh—Who's there!?
Paimon: "Regarding How The Lunar Leviathan Is Actually A Giant Sea Turtle" ... What a long title... Huh?
Paimon: *sigh* Let's just take the fossil back to her first.
Paimon: A giant sea turtle? The "Lunar Leviathan" is a giant sea turtle?
Paimon: All that's left is some Ore Slag. Seems like someone took something from here.
Paimon: Could it be them who removed the object from the rock scraps?
Paimon: Eh?! Is that...a Treasure Hoarder?
Paimon: Hey! That guy over there, hand over the fossil!
Paimon: It looks like he's found some kind of rock! Let's follow him.
Paimon: Paimon knows! Paimon knows! The books called "Regarding How The Lunar Leviathan Is Actually A Giant Sea Turtle".
Paimon: Paimon wants to see too! Let Paimon get a look!
Paimon: Phew - finally got it!
Paimon: Quick! Follow them! Their encampment must be around here, whatever was hidden in the rock scraps must be there!
Paimon: Ugh, he's getting too far away! We gotta catch up, or we're gonna lose him!
Paimon: We didn't believe it at first...until we went to the snowy mountains and found the fossil of the "Lunar Leviathan"... Here you go, the book and the fossil.
Paimon: We have be to sneaky, very sneaky. We mustn't be caught.
Paimon: Well... these round fossils do look a bit like turtle shells! Could Nantuck be telling the truth...
Paimon: What should we do? Both Jiawei and Nantuck aren't here... How do we explain to Ms. Kujirai when she comes back?
You tell Nantuck why you're here.