 Quest DescriptionGo near to the reef of Twinning Isle to see if the pirates have left a clue to the treasure's location there.
Captain Night Raven: *sigh*
Captain Night Raven: *sigh* I swore to myself that if someone could help me, I'd tell them...
Captain Night Raven: Ah, you know... All those who bury their treasure wish for it to be found by people later on.
Captain Night Raven: Almost there! Just gotta skirt around left of that reef and turn right.
Captain Night Raven: Alright now pass through the rock in front. Yes, I mean we should smash right through it!
Captain Night Raven: Alright, I'll tell you how to get through the fog and locate the clue...
Captain Night Raven: Alright, see that rock over there? First, you need to travel in that direction!
Captain Night Raven: But then a group of Hilichurls came out of nowhere and occupied my resting place. So I had no choice but to brave the elements out here!
Captain Night Raven: Do you see that rock up ahead? Let's get around it from the right and turn back around left!
Captain Night Raven: Good. See that large shadow in the distance? That island is the place you're looking for.
Captain Night Raven: How did it go? Have you gotten rid of the hilichurls inside?
Captain Night Raven: I didn't have a choice! A bunch of actors came to the island and started making a racket all day and all night. I couldn't even sleep because of them... So I found myself a quieter spot.
Captain Night Raven: I'll go ahead later and show you how to navigate the reefs on the way correctly!
Captain Night Raven: If you're ready, come look for me on the other side of the reef!
Captain Night Raven: Oh, it's you. Thank you for helping me clear those hilichurls out... Ahh, my nest is as warm as I remember! No more camping outside in the cold for me, no sir!
Captain Night Raven: Take a right and heads toward to that poor little rock.
Captain Night Raven: Tell them about a clue to finding the legendary Secret Pirate Treasure! Although I only know a quarter of it...
Captain Night Raven: Then hard left immediately, or we'll be crashing right into the fog!
Captain Night Raven: They say that if you collect all four parts of the clue, you can find the treasure that pirates left behind here!
Captain Night Raven: Well, I've been living here lately...
Captain Night Raven: Well, are you ready?
Captain Night Raven: You have the clue, yes? Well, I hope you find the treasure you seek.
Captain Night Raven: You seem like you're here for the treasure too. So, what do you say? Get rid of the Hilichurls in there and I'll give you the clue's location.
Captain Night Raven: You've gotten rid of them? Thank you so much!
Paimon: A quarter of a clue?
Paimon: Hey there, why are you sighing alone at this cavern entrance?
Paimon: Tell them what?
Paimon: The clue to the treasure is on this island. Let's get looking!
Paimon: There's a statue here?
Paimon: Well, you have a deal!
Paimon: You've been living in a place like this!?