 Alright then...
Jiayi: Thank you! I truly appreciate it.
(Obtain Jiayi's Letter)
 Any idea where Little Liu is?
 Aren't you scared?
Little Liu: Well... a little, but we should be alright. The Millelith are here, after all.
 Do you know where Little Liu is?
 Don't go out there, now.
Little Liu: I know, I know. The Millelith have talked our ears off already.
 I did. Little Liu has a letter for you too, by the by.
 I've got your back.
Jiayi: Much appreciated, Traveler. Ah, what horrible luck...
 It wasn't in your hands...
Jiayi: I know, but... I just don't get it. Why does something happen every time I try to apply for leave?
Jiayi: I'm finding it hard to call it a coincidence...
Jiayi: Well, I'll leave it to you then. Please help me get this letter to Little Liu.
 Quest DescriptionDue to the meteor shower, Jiayi's plan to return home to see his family has been canceled yet again. He is looking for someone to send a letter to Qingce Village...
 So, about Little Liu...
 There's a letter for you...
 Well, that'll run you extra...
Jiayi: Well, um... Don't worry, I will arrange fair compensation for you.
Jiayi: You have my thanks.
(Obtain Jiayi's Letter)
 What's wrong?
Dongdong: Little Liu? We were going to meet here to watch the meteorites, but she said that she wanted to find someplace higher.
Dongdong: She said that she'd tell me once she found our new spot, but I don't know where she's gone.
Dongdong: Wow! You look like a traveler, are you?
Jiayi: *sigh* What shall I do...
Jiayi: *sigh* When will I finally be able to clear my leave...
Jiayi: Could you have a look around Qingce Village while you're sending the letter, and help to clear the monsters out?
Jiayi: I know, but... I just don't get it. Why does something happen every time I try to apply for leave?
Jiayi: I'd applied to go to Qingce Village to take up guard duties there, but for some reason, I still got redeployed here to stand by for orders...
Jiayi: I'm finding it hard to call it a coincidence...
Jiayi: Little Liu wrote me a letter? Let me see...
Jiayi: Much appreciated, Traveler. Ah, what horrible luck...
Jiayi: Not only have the meteorites blocked the roads, but they've also caused the nearby monsters to become more agitated and dangerous than usual, and they've been attacking passers-by and merchants everywhere.
Jiayi: Once this is all over, I'm taking a long break for sure...
Jiayi: Please take this compensation for your trouble.
Jiayi: She's my daughter, and I'd agreéd to go back to spend a few days with her. But with this emergency dropping up, there's no way that'll happen now...
Jiayi: Thank you! I truly appreciate it.
Jiayi: Thank you, Traveler. I'll keep this for the time being. This is not the time to be reading letters... I must attend to my duties now.
Jiayi: That said, I've heard from people who've come to stand down from duty that quite a few monsters have gathered near Qingce Village as well.
Jiayi: The Millelith largely stand guard on the main roads and key passes... Things could go poorly if some scattered monsters were able to sneak into Qingce Village.
Jiayi: The Ministry of Civil Affairs has sent almost every single available Millelith out, but Liyue too large. We can only ensure the safety of a few main roads and some key villages.
Jiayi: Traveler, could you help me send this letter to a girl named Little Liu who lives in Qingce Village?
Jiayi: Well, I'll leave it to you then. Please help me get this letter to Little Liu.
Jiayi: Well, um... Don't worry, I will arrange fair compensation for you.
Jiayi: Well... I don't mean to impose, but you do look dressed for adventure.
Jiayi: You have my thanks.
Jiayi: You must have seen those meteorites that fell from the sky as well, right? Fortunately, the City wasn't hit, but it's a real mess out there in the wild.
Jiayi: You're back. Did you manage to deliver the letter?
Little Liu: A letter from Daddy... Ugh, I already know what it's going to say...
Little Liu: But that's not a bad thing, actually. With all those rocks falling from the sky, Daddy could be in danger out there.
Little Liu: He can't come and spend time with me because of work, right?
Little Liu: I know, I know. The Millelith have talked our ears off already.
Little Liu: I should be able to see the meteorites clearly from here...
Little Liu: It's so strange. Something seems to happen every time Daddy says he'll take leave and spend time with me...
(Obtain Little Liu's Letter)
Little Liu: Right! Could you send this letter back to Daddy for me? He must be worried.
Little Liu: That's so weird. Why does something happen every time Daddy applies for leave?
Little Liu: Well... a little, but we should be alright. The Millelith are here, after all.
Little Liu: When those Millelith came here, I thought Daddy would be with them, but that didn't happen...
Paimon: Ha! Looks like there were monsters hiding in here. Let's take 'em out!
Paimon: Hmm, well then, guess we'll just have to ask the villagers.
Paimon: Speaking of which, do you know where she is?
Paimon: Well, that should do it. Let's go to Qingce Village and get that letter into Little Liu's hands.
Uncle Ghast: Little Liu... Little Liu... Ah yes, I know her. But I've been here all this while, and she didn't pass this way.
Uncle Ghast: Oh? Come and have a chat, kid. Who knows — if the influence of those meteorites gets any stronger, there'll be no one to talk to but in your dreams. *chuckles*
Yundan: Hi, and welcome to our village.
Yundan: Hmm, I think she climbed up those ladders over there.
Yundan: Little Liu? Hmm, I remember her saying that she wanted to find a high place so she could watch the meteorites...