
(The group approaches Haniyyah and Yae Miko facing each other with their Ace Fungi by their side)
 ...But more likely, he just wants to take credit for other people's work.
 A big fat liar indeed!
 All on your own here, I see...
 Although, I can't say I'm that surprised.
 At least we got her notebook.
 At least we got to know how she really feels.
 But the Withering Potion made them go berserk.
 But things are different now.
 Congratulations!
 Deceiving herself?
 Defenses?
 Goodbye.
Sido: Do your best in the competition. I have faith in you.
 Haniyyah!
 I'll leave you in peace, then.
 It's had a good experience with us so far.
 Let's keep a safe distance from them now...
 Let's look for ways to improve the Wisdom Orb...
 Let's try putting everything together.
 Maybe he wants to finish the work started by scholars that went before him...
 Paimon, Layla, and me?
 Paimon, wait...
 Perhaps this is how all competitions should be...
 Please take a look and see what you think.
 Quest DescriptionThe Nilotpala Cup continues. With many clues collected, new opportunities seem to have emerged.
 Sad?
 So the notes and the documents are connected.
 The Wisdom Orb isn't active.
 The device used to capture the Fungi made them calm and approachable.
 This is everything we've dug up so far.
 Unnaturally strong...?
 Wait, you mean...?
 We also don't want to let him know we're onto him.
 We don't know what he's capable of.
 We want to help you see the Fungi differently.
 We want to understand where you're coming from.
 We'll set her "philosophy" straight.
 We'll talk next time.
 We're sorry about your past.
 We've gained a mutual understanding.
 What are you doing here...?
Sido: I'm here on a mission. I'm sorry, but that's all I'm able to disclose.
 What are you up to?
 You have a deal!
(And the Floral Jelly can be deemed as an upgrade of the Withering Potion with enhanced safety that can trigger a temporary boost to the activity of Fungi and let them gain some special powers while being activated.)
(At this point, it can be roughly deduced that the remnants of the instrument that the organizer of the Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament attempted to destroy utilized the technological outcomes of the capturing device.)
(Similarly, the formula for floral jelly shares many basic ingredients and medicinal principles with the Withering Potion from the notes. The only difference is that the amount of certain active ingredients applied in the Floral Jelly is much lower than that of the Withering Potion. Also, protective ingredients and so-called stabilizers were added to the Floral Jelly.)
(The bottom half of this page is filled with complex terms and comments. It's not hard to infer that whoever wrote them down did so by copying the researcher's notes word by word under a dim light...)
(The device remnants and the remains of the files that Dori gave you contain the same license of approval as the device recorded in the notes has. Evidently, these devices were considered technologically identical by the Akademiya.)
...
A village full of Fungi victims? How absurd...
And the camp needs an expansion. We have to make plans for the long term — we might eventually have to turn this place into a small village.
Another subordinate was yelling curses at an unfamiliar person. Judging from the details of their argument, it seems like someone has made a grave mistake.
Anyway, I'll record the information down for now.
Before going to bed, I heard the lead researcher arguing with a few subordinates.
But if the circumstances are enough to make the calmest and most composed farmer lose his cool, I can only imagine what the others feel. Everyone must be feeling pretty frustrated by now.
But there were still several people who did not make it...
Contents compiled after combining the clues:
Day 10 of the Fungi Invasion:
Day 13 of the Investigation:
Day 42 of the Fungi Invasion:
Day 7 of the Investigation:
Derived Contents
Following the farmers' suggestions, we have started looking for suitable seeds to grow our own food.
Haniyyah's Notes - First Part
Haniyyah's Notes - Second Part
Hopefully, we'll manage to keep ourselves from starving to death before the crops mature.
I never thought that I'd become trapped by a bunch of Fungi for so long. I still can't see any hope of getting away from this place.
In addition, they're preparing something called the Withering Potion to suppress the Fungi's activity, making them easier to control.
It looks like we'll be staying here for a good while.
Media:Vo dialog eqpm001 sido 01.ogg Sido: (With the Traveler around, I don't think there will be any major issues. Mahamatra Cyno will be able to move all the more quickly with his investigation.)
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 elchingen 01.ogg Elchingen: Hmm? Ah, hello you two.
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 elchingen 02.ogg Elchingen: Congratulations on advancing to the finals. Your duel with Haniyyah and the Ultimate Trial will no doubt be the highlight of this tournament.
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 elchingen 03.ogg Elchingen: Practicing aside, taking a walk is a good way to prepare yourself for the final. It keeps your mind clear and your spirits up.
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 elchingen 04.ogg Elchingen: I just wanted to find a quiet spot to reflect on what I have learned... what you have shown me.
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 elchingen 05.ogg Elchingen: I am now, more than ever, convinced that the relationship between master and servant improves dramatically when the servant is well-behaved...
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 elchingen 06.ogg Elchingen: Very well. I shall patiently look forward to it. Best of luck with your preparations.
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 elchingen 07.ogg Elchingen: (What a pleasant surprise... If Master knew this, I'm sure he would treat me differently.)
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Hey, Elchingen! Fancy meeting you here!
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Master? Servant? What does that have to do with us?
Media:Vo dialog eqpm004 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Huh? Oh, uh... Yeah! We have something super important to tell you next time we meet!
Media:Vo eqpm004 5 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Layla and Twirly-Whirly are like a well-oiled machine... We gotta step up our game!
Media:vo eqpm004 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: It's time for the quarterfinals. Our opponent is definitely gonna be a tough one this time!
Media:vo eqpm004 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: It's showtime, Bongo-Head! Let's smash our way through to the semifinals!
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: That didn't go as planned... Well, there's only one option left: we gotta defeat Haniyyah in the final match.
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Didn't Haniyyah mention something about other researchers in the past trying to stop the damage caused by Fungi, too? There should be more information in this notebook. Let's take a look.
Haniyyah's Notes - Second Part
Merchant Log, Expedition No. 39
Day 7 of the Investigation:
...
The researchers seem to be planning to use some kind of capturing device to control the aggressive Fungi.
The codename of the device is... a string of complicated terminology. They've also included a license of approval from the Akademiya...
In addition, they're preparing something called the Withering Potion to suppress the Fungi's activity, making them easier to control.
The Withering Potion also came with complex notes and official approval from the Akademiya.
Anyway, I'll record the information down for now.
...
(The bottom half of this page is filled with complex terms and comments. It's not hard to infer that whoever wrote them down did so by copying the researcher's notes word by word under a dim light...)
Merchant Log, Expedition No. 39
Day 13 of the Investigation:
...
We failed again. When we returned to the village, two seriously wounded mercenaries insisted on quitting.
Before going to bed, I heard the lead researcher arguing with a few subordinates.
One of them tried to convince the lead researcher to give up on the Withering Potion, saying that they have gotten its function wrong from the very beginning. The outcome contradicted their expectations, and it could very well lead to their deaths.
Another subordinate was yelling curses at an unfamiliar person. Judging from the details of their argument, it seems like someone has made a grave mistake.
They're here to settle this mess, but upon witnessing the state of things, they start planning to drop everything and run.
Something doesn't feel right, but I still need more evidence to make sure...
...
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: These look like... research notes. Guess Haniyyah's ancestors kept them after the scholars left...
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Whew... This section looks super complicated. The handwriting is really bad, and there are too many technical terms... Paimon can't make heads or tails of this.
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Wait, some of these look familiar though... Oh, that's right, we saw them on the documents Dori gave us!
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Alright! Let's put them side by side, go through carefully, and try to figure out what's written in these notes.
Derived Contents
Contents compiled after combining the clues:
(The device remnants and the remains of the files that Dori gave you contain the same license of approval as the device recorded in the notes has. Evidently, these devices were considered technologically identical by the Akademiya.)
(Similarly, the formula for floral jelly shares many basic ingredients and medicinal principles with the Withering Potion from the notes. The only difference is that the amount of certain active ingredients applied in the Floral Jelly is much lower than that of the Withering Potion. Also, protective ingredients and so-called stabilizers were added to the Floral Jelly.)
(At this point, it can be roughly deduced that the remnants of the instrument that the organizer of the Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament attempted to destroy utilized the technological outcomes of the capturing device.)
(And the Floral Jelly can be deemed as an upgrade of the Withering Potion with enhanced safety that can trigger a temporary boost to the activity of Fungi and let them gain some special powers while being activated.)
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: A capturing device? And a Withering Potion?
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: So that's how it went down... The Fungi only attacked Haniyyah's ancestors because of what that potion did to them... And then the researchers built that device to try and capture the angry Fungi.
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Also, if Floral Jelly is just an improved version of the Withering Potion, and the Wisdom Orb isn't Kautilya's invention either...
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: ...He's basically giving someone else's inventions a new name and passing them off as his own. He's a big fat liar!
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Why is Kautilya so eager to get people to use the Wisdom Orb, anyway?
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: We've gotta warn Elchingen. He needs to stop bankrolling Kautilya right away!
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: As for Haniyyah... She has no idea that the Fungi only attacked her ancestors because they were under the potion's influence. No wonder she holds it against them...
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 14.ogg Paimon: Don't worry, Bongo-Head. Paimon knows you're not gonna turn evil because of some Floral Jelly. You stayed a very good Fungus, even after we turned off the Wisdom Orb!
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 15.ogg Paimon: Whoa, you can understand what Paimon's saying? Oh wow! You're getting smarter!
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 16.ogg Paimon: Huh? Since when!? Paimon didn't even notice...
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 17.ogg Paimon: Does that mean... Bongo-Head is hanging out with us by choice right now?
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 18.ogg Paimon: See, see! Haniyyah was wrong after all, the Fungi aren't gonna lose control this time. Some Fungi understand people and just wanna get along, like Bongo-Head here!
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 19.ogg Paimon: Haniyyah did make one good point, though: The Wisdom Orb has its limits. As long as that's the case, Fungi won't be able to live with humans forever.
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 20.ogg Paimon: Aww... Paimon was really hoping Bongo-Head could join us for the rest of our journey... Isn't there a way?
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 21.ogg Paimon: Yeah... It's a shame, but it seems like there's no other choice.
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 22.ogg Paimon: We still have some time before the final. Should we report Kautilya to the Akademiya?
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 23.ogg Paimon: True... For him to have made it this far, he must've been planning for a long time. If he caught wind of our plans to expose him, he'd definitely be wary of us!
Media:vo eqpm004 10 paimon 24.ogg Paimon: Whatever else happens, we have to give it our all on the day of the final. Let's beat Haniyyah, and knock some sense into her. Then, we should get Elchingen to help us expose Kautilya for the fraud he is!
(Obtain Haniyyah's Notes)
Media:vo eqpm004 2 ferreaferro 01.ogg Hardy Two-Blades: It's you. The uncultured swine of the Nilotpala Cup.
Media:vo eqpm004 2 ferreaferro 02.ogg Hardy Two-Blades: The way you dote on your Fungi. It's pathetic. What a joke! You make a mockery of the philosophy of the greatest beast-tamer of all, the mighty Haniyyah.
Media:vo eqpm004 2 ferreaferro 03.ogg Hardy Two-Blades: You keep telling yourself that! You were never gonna come close to facing Haniyyah. Time for you to go home!
Media:vo eqpm004 2 ferreaferro 04.ogg Hardy Two-Blades: Hey! No backing down! We fight to the end!
Media:vo eqpm004 2 ferreaferro 05.ogg Hardy Two-Blades: Storm their frontline and take them down!
Media:vo eqpm004 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Hey, you potty mouth! What's your problem?
Media:vo eqpm004 2 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: "Greatest beast-tamer of all"? That's debatable.
Media:vo eqpm004 3 ferreaferro 01.ogg Hardy Two-Blades: Nooo! This can't be happening... I trained my Fungi non-stop... Maybe I should have been harder on them?
Media:vo eqpm004 3 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Whew. Well, we beat him... but somehow Paimon isn't really in the mood to celebrate.
Media:vo eqpm004 4 layla 01.ogg Layla: (Traveler), Paimon. I made it through!
Media:vo eqpm004 4 layla 02.ogg Layla: I heard you won against the unstoppable Hardy Two-Blades... But you don't seem too happy about it. How come?
Media:vo eqpm004 4 layla 03.ogg Layla: I see what you mean... Yeah, somehow beast-tamers like him make me feel a little... sad.
Media:vo eqpm004 4 layla 04.ogg Layla: Yeah. He clearly doesn't know anything about Haniyyah. He's just making assumptions about what she's like based on a vague impression, and even trying to copy her. I'm sure Haniyyah would feel uneasy about it too, if she knew.
Media:vo eqpm004 4 layla 05.ogg Layla: Also, he's so cruel to his shroom buddies, when they could have been friends... It's not just his loss, either. It brings all the other contestants down.
Media:vo eqpm004 4 layla 06.ogg Layla: But it's only because I'm not aiming as high... I just wanna be able to take Twirly-Whirly back to live with me, that's all.
Media:vo eqpm004 4 layla 07.ogg Layla: Looks like the next fight is you against me. Let's just try to enjoy ourselves. It doesn't matter who wins, this is just a little contest between friends.
Media:vo eqpm004 4 layla 08.ogg Layla: Yeah, who knew it'd get to this point... Miss Yae has to face off against Haniyyah...
Media:vo eqpm004 4 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: That's amazing, Layla! You've reached your goal!
Media:vo eqpm004 4 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: It's just that... He was really mean. He said some weird things...
Media:vo eqpm004 4 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Right! You have the right mindset, Layla! If only everyone was like you, this whole tournament would feel a lot less gloomy!
Media:vo eqpm004 4 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Alright! Time to see who's the strongest Fungi, Twirly-Whirly or Bongo-Head! Loser buys dinner for the winner!
Media:vo eqpm004 4 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Miko, you're back — finally! You snuck off without saying anything last time, so we didn't get to tell you about the evidence we— Ahem! Uh, evidently we have some things to discuss with you...!
Media:vo eqpm004 4 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Look on the bright side! Maybe Miko will help us defeat Haniyyah!
Media:vo eqpm004 4 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: But that means we won't get to show Haniyyah the error of her ways ourselves... Whatever, Paimon just doesn't want to see Miko lose!
Media:vo eqpm004 4 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: Whatever deal this is, you seem very happy about it. Did I miss anything big while I was gone?
Media:vo eqpm004 4 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: Yes, well, it's been quite the ordeal for me, too. I only entered this tournament for a bit of fun, but now I've ended up in the semifinals. I've barely had any time at all to spend with Souka and the others gathering source material for the novel.
Media:vo eqpm004 4 yaemiko 03.ogg Yae Miko: I'm sure you two will have a wonderful time in your fun-and-friendly match. I, on the other hand, have to take mine a little more seriously. I'm up against that stubborn young lady, after all.
Media:vo eqpm004 5 layla 01.ogg Layla: I'm feeling nervous, but excited at the same time!
Media:vo eqpm004 5 layla 02.ogg Layla: You don't have to go easy on me. Twirly-Whirly and team have weathered plenty of tough challenges already, and they know how to put up a good fight! So you and your shroom buddies can give it your all!
Media:vo eqpm004 5 layla 03.ogg Layla: Hang in there, Twirly! You can still do this!
Media:vo eqpm004 5 layla 04.ogg Layla: Twirly, quick! Do the thing... the Wind Vortex!
Media:vo eqpm004 5 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Well then, prepare for battle, Layla and Twirly!
Media:vo eqpm004 5 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Use your Happy-Clappy Waterballoons, Bongo-Head! Gently, of course!
Media:vo eqpm004 6 layla 01.ogg Layla: Oh shoot, we lost...
Media:vo eqpm004 6 layla 02.ogg Layla: But you and the gang put on the best show I've seen so far, Twirly-Whirly! That was a real blast, I loved it!
Media:vo eqpm004 6 layla 03.ogg Layla: Thank you all! Twirly-Whirly and I went out with a bang. Any other opponent, and we might be feeling a little disappointed right now... but we were definitely beaten by the best.
Media:vo eqpm004 6 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: You did really well too, y'know! Felt like we were one wrong move away from a very mushy Bongo!
Media:vo eqpm004 6 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Just letting the Fungi do their thing and enjoying the match with no pressure to win... It was a good feeling.
Media:vo eqpm004 6 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: If only every match could be as carefree as that... Meanwhile, Miko's busy duking it out with Haniyyah. Paimon's so nervous for her! Let's go see how she's doing!
Media:vo eqpm004 7 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: ...What, you think this is funny? Am I a joke to you?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: That's... not your concern.
(Haniyyah walks away)
Media:vo eqpm004 7 layla 01.ogg Layla: Miss Yae lost the match, but why is Haniyyah the one who seemed upset...
Media:vo eqpm004 7 layla 02.ogg Layla: The place where I first met (Traveler) and Paimon?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 layla 03.ogg Layla: That's true... And if I said something that struck a nerve again, I'd only make things worse. Plus, you guys move pretty fast... If I tag along, I'd probably need to stop and gather my strength every 10 minutes...
Media:vo eqpm004 7 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Huh...? It's over already? And why's the atmosphere so heavy... Does this mean Miko won!?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: You sound way too relaxed for someone who's just fought in the semifinals. Bet it was a walk in the park, huh?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Huh?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: You mean, Haniyyah isn't as heartless as she tries to make herself out to be? So she does care about Pyro-1... but she didn't mean to show it in front of you...
Media:vo eqpm004 7 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: But Haniyyah's long gone now. Where should we look for her?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Good point... it was when Layla mentioned her plan to bring her shroom buddies back home with her that Haniyyah's mood suddenly changed... Layla, it seems like you're on to something!
Media:vo eqpm004 7 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Let's catch up with Haniyyah and set things straight!
(Paimon begins to leave)
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: Your match is over too? You took your time. I'm assuming it was a close call...
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: Ahaha, yes, ours was as far from a close call as you could get. All it took was a few short, sharp strikes for Blitzara and I...
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 03.ogg Yae Miko: ...to be beaten by Haniyyah.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 04.ogg Yae Miko: Hehe, far from it, Haniyyah. I know full well how serious you are about all this from your iron-clad determination to annihilate an entire species... How would I ever dare mock you?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 05.ogg Yae Miko: That said, if you continue down this path and find that it leads somewhere quite different from what you had hoped... what will become of that iron-clad determination then? I look forward to finding out.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 06.ogg Yae Miko: Running away so soon?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 07.ogg Yae Miko: The situation gets more interesting with each development... Blitzara injured Pyro-1 soon after the match started, and Haniyyah was clearly quite distressed.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 08.ogg Yae Miko: I simply pointed out that she's still deceiving herself, and her defenses began breaking down. She's more fragile than I'd imagined.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 09.ogg Yae Miko: Right answer. Now's our chance to get through to her. You, my little friends, are the only ones who can get her back onto the right path.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 10.ogg Yae Miko: Well, right now, I'm sure she must be wondering what it is that has made her suddenly start doubting herself after all this time.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 11.ogg Yae Miko: The answer lies with the three of you. I'm sure you all know where she's gone to.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 12.ogg Yae Miko: You should stay here, Little Layla. I understand that you want to help Haniyyah, but she's not the kind of person you're good at dealing with. Leave it to them this time.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 13.ogg Yae Miko: Well, what are you waiting for, little one?
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 14.ogg Yae Miko: Oh? My, you've been busier than I thought.
Media:vo eqpm004 7 yaemiko 15.ogg Yae Miko: In return, I give you a blessing from me: Good luck. I'll share my thoughts the next time we meet.
(Yae Miko waves her gohei)
Media:vo eqpm004 8 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Haniyyah should be around here somewhere...
Media:vo eqpm004 8 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Pyro-1 follows her everywhere. We should be able to track her down through its elemental traces!
Media:vo eqpm004 8 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Search the area with Elemental Sight!
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 01.ogg Haniyyah: Huh? How did you find me here...
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 02.ogg Haniyyah: "The irony," I know... and I'd probably be enjoying it, if Pyro-1 were any other animal than a Fungi.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 03.ogg Haniyyah: The next time we meet will be in the finals. Whatever you have to say, save it for if you beat me...
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 04.ogg Haniyyah: The fox lady said you might say that... You're pure of heart, kind, and believe the best in things.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 05.ogg Haniyyah: You wouldn't understand if I tried to explain, so here — read this.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 06.ogg Haniyyah: These are my ancestors' records. They were attacked by a horde of Fungi in the rainforest, and many people were seriously injured.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 07.ogg Haniyyah: There was nothing exceptional about this incident at the time, and it certainly never made it into any official records. But my family have been reading it to me since I was a child, constantly warning me of the grave threat that Fungi pose to us.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 08.ogg Haniyyah: It's not as simple as turning bad Fungi into nice Fungi with the Wisdom Orb. Plenty of scholars have experimented with similar things in my village in the past.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 09.ogg Haniyyah: But every one of them failed, gave up, and moved on. Even this new Wisdom Orb can only suppress the Fungi's aggressive nature temporarily. Without this device, they're still extremely dangerous creatures.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 10.ogg Haniyyah: On top of that, the Orb's Intellectual Boost makes the Fungi unnaturally strong. Too much elemental energy in one place is not a good idea, especially for people in poor shape already. If you've got a sensitive constitution and you start using a Wisdom Orb, you're gonna start experiencing symptoms pretty quickly.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 11.ogg Haniyyah: As you'll be well aware by now, all Kautilya cares about is his precious research. He just wants to expand his influence and increase the profile of the beast-tamer event.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 12.ogg Haniyyah: Meanwhile, Elchingen's taking advantage of the situation. Impressed by Kautilya's research, he invested a huge sum into promoting the tournament, consequently lowering everyone's guard against the Fungi...
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 13.ogg Haniyyah: I don't trust either of them, period. I don't believe highly aggressive creatures like the Fungi can co-exist with humans. But I'm just another retired mercenary, so who's gonna listen to me?
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 14.ogg Haniyyah: All I can do is play by their rules until victory is mine. Then I'll fight for the outcome I'm hoping for, and keep them from getting their way.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 15.ogg Haniyyah: I initially had a sliver of hope that you might help me in my endeavors... guess that was pretty naive of me. But it doesn't matter what you think about all this, or what you think of me. I'm going to beat you, and then there will be nothing you can do to stop me.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 16.ogg Haniyyah: This notebook is just a relic from my past now. Do whatever you want with it, because come the day of the final, I'm going to declare the execution of all Fungi... including Pyro-1.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 haniyyah 17.ogg Haniyyah: It's time to say goodbye to the past.
(Haniyyah leaves)
Media:vo eqpm004 9 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: We followed Pyro-1's tracks. We're a little worried about you...
Media:vo eqpm004 9 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Wait a second... Are you comforting Pyro-1!?
Media:vo eqpm004 9 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Uh, what is it?
Haniyyah's Notes - First Part
Merchant Log, Expedition No. 39
Day 10 of the Fungi Invasion:
...
Thankfully, we came across a group of farmers in the nearby area. They seem to have been trapped here by the aggressive Fungi too, and have set up a temporary camp.
The kind farmers brought sufficient provisions and medicinal herbs, and almost saved us all.
But there were still several people who did not make it...
The Fungi surrounding this area are increasing in number, and they're still in that berserk state.
We can't leave just yet, at least not before the Fungi are gone... if they ever leave.
It looks like we'll be staying here for a good while.
...
Merchant Log, Expedition No. 39
Day 42 of the Fungi Invasion:
...
I never thought that I'd become trapped by a bunch of Fungi for so long. I still can't see any hope of getting away from this place.
Rabib took his axe and made an attempt to go fight the Fungi, but he was stopped by the other farmers. Everyone knows that none of us are going to last long without the leader of the farmers around...
But if the circumstances are enough to make the calmest and most composed farmer lose his cool, I can only imagine what the others feel. Everyone must be feeling pretty frustrated by now.
The Zaytun Peaches we picked from nearby areas and the remaining provisions are going to last a few more weeks.
Following the farmers' suggestions, we have started looking for suitable seeds to grow our own food.
And the camp needs an expansion. We have to make plans for the long term — we might eventually have to turn this place into a small village.
A village full of Fungi victims? How absurd...
Hopefully, we'll manage to keep ourselves from starving to death before the crops mature.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: So that's what happened... No wonder you're so hostile towards Fungi.
Media:vo eqpm004 9 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Yeah! And anyway, doesn't your family's experience make this tournament all the more meaningful? The Wisdom Orb finally means that humans and Fungi can live in peace together...
Media:vo eqpm004 9 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Wait, Layla's been coughing a lot lately... Could that be because of the Wisdom Orb?
Media:vo eqpm006 5 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Oh no... Bongo-Head, are you okay?
Media:vo eqpm006 5 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Let's finish this with a Waterballoon Meteor Strike!
Merchant Log, Expedition No. 39
One of them tried to convince the lead researcher to give up on the Withering Potion, saying that they have gotten its function wrong from the very beginning. The outcome contradicted their expectations, and it could very well lead to their deaths.
Paimon: Huh? Have we met before? Paimon must've forgotten...
Rabib took his axe and made an attempt to go fight the Fungi, but he was stopped by the other farmers. Everyone knows that none of us are going to last long without the leader of the farmers around...
Sido: Do your best in the competition. I have faith in you.
Sido: Hmm? What are you two doing here? You must have a lot of free time on your hands to come all the way out here...
Sido: I'm here on a mission. I'm sorry, but that's all I'm able to disclose.
Sido: Seems like the competition is just a piece of cake for you two! You guys are spectacular!
Something doesn't feel right, but I still need more evidence to make sure...
Thankfully, we came across a group of farmers in the nearby area. They seem to have been trapped here by the aggressive Fungi too, and have set up a temporary camp.
The Fungi surrounding this area are increasing in number, and they're still in that berserk state.
The Withering Potion also came with complex notes and official approval from the Akademiya.
The Zaytun Peaches we picked from nearby areas and the remaining provisions are going to last a few more weeks.
The codename of the device is... a string of complicated terminology. They've also included a license of approval from the Akademiya...
The kind farmers brought sufficient provisions and medicinal herbs, and almost saved us all.
The researchers seem to be planning to use some kind of capturing device to control the aggressive Fungi.
They're here to settle this mess, but upon witnessing the state of things, they start planning to drop everything and run.
We can't leave just yet, at least not before the Fungi are gone... if they ever leave.
We failed again. When we returned to the village, two seriously wounded mercenaries insisted on quitting.
You tell Layla the details of the match...