 A great poem indeed.
 About Qingzhou and Vermeer...
 Don't mention it.
 Give it your all, you guys...
 He went to Qingce Village
 He's an artist, and he's here to look for Qingzhou.
 He's that guy competing with Qingzhou.
 He's that painter.
 It's nothing.
 Last time we met, he was playing lantern riddle games with the children...
 Quest DescriptionPainter Vermeer seems to be looking for Qingzhou...
 So, your painting...
 Still remember your agreement with Vermeer?
 Vermeer's here.
 We've got a winner.
 Yes, I recall that...
 You guys sure have a lot of energy...
 You're the artist who made an arrangement with Qingzhou earlier..
Granny Ruoxin: He should still be making up lantern riddles for the children. If my memory serves, he's taken them outside...
Granny Ruoxin: I hope in the future Lantern Rites here will be this exciting...
Granny Ruoxin: Looking for Mr. Qingzhou, is he? Hmm, that's just as well...
Granny Ruoxin: Oh, do you need anything?
Granny Ruoxin: Oh, those two? Don't worry about them. As long as they're willing to accompany the children. I'm fine with them.
Granny Ruoxin: Oh, you've brought a new face with you, I see? If I may ask...
Granny Ruoxin: This is a festive season, after all. It's good for things to be lively.
Granny Ruoxin: What brings you here looking for Mr. Qingzhou?
Granny Ruoxin: When Miss Wang'ya left several days ago, Mr. Qingzhou said that he would like to stay here for a while longer.
Granny Ruoxin: Why, if it isn't the Traveler. Thanks to you, our village finally has some festive cheer to it...
Granny Ruoxin: You are always running around helping out Qingce Village. Thank you, child.
Granny Ruoxin: You sure are a kind-hearted child... Here, take these as thanks. You must have yourself a happy festival as well, now.
Granny Ruoxin: You'll probably have to find him outside.
Lantern riddle: "Countless ships over the waves do glide, their lamps lightning up Guyun's stones. They float along with the ocean tide, till with dragon and fish they rest at last their bones."
Little Liu: Aww! Uncle Qingzhou, what have you gotta go do?
Little Liu: I wanna solve some lantern riddles too, Uncle Qingzhou...
Little Liu: Should I call some others over...?
Little Liu: So, have you solved the riddle yet?
Little Liu: Uncle Qingzhou's back! Uncle Qingzhou, have you finished writing a new lantern riddle for us?
Little Liu: Which should I choose...
Little Liu: You read tons of books, don't you, Uncle Qingzhou...?
Little You: Hmm... can't guess this lantern riddle either, so difficult...
Little You: Hmpf, I want to solve a few more, too...
Little You: I want to grow up to be just like you, Uncle Qingzhou...
Little You: I'll think this one through carefully...
Little You: Lantern riddles are so difficult...
Little You: Then... Uncle Qingzhou, after you finish your competition with that painter, hurry on back to play with us.
Little You: Uncle Qingzhou is soooo smart! How many books do I have to read to be that smart...
Little Zuo: Don't worry, Uncle Qingzhou! We're familiar with around here, we can make it back on our own. Go and show that painter what you got!
Little Zuo: He's awesome. He came up with so many lantern riddles, and I bet you can't even guess the answers to them!
Little Zuo: I'll get it right this time... I think!
Little Zuo: Okay! You're amazing, Uncle Qingzhou — you can come up with so many riddles!
Little Zuo: This other uncle sure likes to talk a lot... of course the winner is Uncle Qingzhou!
Little Zuo: Uncle Qingzhou! Does this mean we're not solving lantern riddles anymore? I still want to give them a try!
Little Zuo: Uncle Qingzhou, Uncle Qingzhou! We've figured that lantern riddle out!
Little Zuo: Uncle Qingzhou, who's this other uncle?
Little Zuo: Well, you're going to win for sure, Uncle Qingzhou. All of those lantern riddles you made were great!.
Little Zuo: What a beautiful Xiao Lantern...
Little Zuo: What's the answer? Maybe we should put our heads together?
Little Zuo: Wow... this Xiao Lantern looks amazing, how did they paint it...
Paimon: Let's see what Granny Ruoxin has to say about all this.
Paimon: They're so competitive! Let's hope it doesn't escalate too far...
Qingzhou: "Countless ships over the waves do glide, their lamps lightning up Guyun's stones. They float along with the ocean tide, till with dragon and fish they rest at last their bones."
Qingzhou: ...
Qingzhou: Alright then, the lantern riddle is all done. Let us go to the Qingce Village now.
Qingzhou: Alrighty. We shall find that painter then. He's been waiting long enough.
Qingzhou: But, as you might have realized as well, it's impossible to encompass Liyue Harbor and the Lantern Rite in just a few lines of words. So...
Qingzhou: Children, look at this Xiao Lantern. The riddle's answer is a "thing" at the Lantern Rite. Go on, guess.
Qingzhou: Exactly, so I came to play with children, hoping I would fine some poetic inspiration in these delightful lantern riddle games.
Qingzhou: Go back to Qingce Village and I will find you there when I get back. How's that?
Qingzhou: Hahaha, I think you're all getting the hang of it. You're getting the answers faster and faster every time.
Qingzhou: Hahaha, settle down, children. I shall just go for a short stroll with this friendly traveler here. I shall return soon to give you all a new lantern riddle.
Qingzhou: Hahaha, yes, I've already written down the lantern riddle.
Qingzhou: Hehe, I only fear that you won't be able to keep up with me.
Qingzhou: Hehe, that's not even a poem, my liege. Nothing more than a lantern riddle.
Qingzhou: Hehe, though I never found inspiration for my poem, I was able to come up with a number of lantern riddles. The children have certainly enjoyed it.
Qingzhou: Hmm, another lantern riddle... This one can be about... Qingce Village...
Qingzhou: Hmm, perhaps I should say not that it is "gathering inspiration", rather, let us walk together.
Qingzhou: Hmm.. Alright, I've got it — one sentence for the lantern riddle
Qingzhou: Hmm.. I got it. Let us go to the next place.
Qingzhou: I must go find a certain painter to settle a certain... competition. I write the best poem and he creates the best painting, and we see whose work is better.
Qingzhou: I must go tend to a matter with this here traveler. I'll be back to play with you once I'm done.
Qingzhou: I suppose, then, that this may be considered a draw.
Qingzhou: I will tell you the riddle once we arrive.
Qingzhou: Is that so? Thank you for your praise. Take this Xiao Lantern to Qingce Village first and try to guess it. It's not safe alone in the wild.
Qingzhou: It's nothing, really. I just came up with some lantern riddles to entertain these kids.
Qingzhou: Liyue is large and its households are many. I pondered the matter long, yet I could not find an appropriate summation for Lantern Rite. Have you, then, finished your painting?
Qingzhou: My liege, please help me hang this Xiao Lantern up... A little higher, if you would.
Qingzhou: No, I have not penned anything suitable.
Qingzhou: Not bad. Quite suitable for writing a lantern riddle.
Qingzhou: Of course. I will go find you as soon as I'm done tending to the matter.
Qingzhou: Oh? And how do you propose we commence this new competition?
Qingzhou: Okay! It suits me just fine, and also suits the spirit of the Lantern Rite. A very suitable competition indeed.
Qingzhou: Perhaps... this experience is the very poem I sought. But alas, where would I begin writing it? Thus, with no poem, I have no way of competing with you.
Qingzhou: Pity, then, that my poem remains as yet unfinished. Nor have these children yet had their fill of these lantern riddles...
Qingzhou: So in the end, neither of us was able to create a poem or an artwork that could encompass Liyue Harbor and the Lantern Rite.
Qingzhou: The scenery here is.. Heh, perfect for a lantern riddle.
Qingzhou: Vermeer... Ah, yes, that artist. Let me see... by my count, this is indeed the agreed date.
Qingzhou: Well, let us go then, Traveler. Let us bring this trivial matter to an end, can't leave those children waiting too long now.
Qingzhou: Well, perhaps this is the uttermost limit of my poetic skill, then... Would you, perchance, accompany me to gather some inspiration once again?
Qingzhou: You're mistaken. At first, I indeed saw it as a competition... I spent much energy going everywhere in search of inspiration... wanting to compose the perfect poem.
Vermeer: *sigh* I haven't been able to eat or sleep for days with this hanging over my head. I've practically used up all my paint, and still none of my paintings really capture the spirit of the festival.
Vermeer: Ahem! Anyway, let's set out!
Vermeer: Anyhow, regardless of what he is up to, the Lantern Rite is almost over — there's no time to waste.
Vermeer: Did he fail to find inspiration for his poem and give up altogether?
Vermeer: Gather 'round, children. Show me the riddle this poet fellow writes, and I'll paint you a beautiful Xiao Lantern!
Vermeer: Go tell that poet that I've come. I will be here getting ready.
Vermeer: He really is playing lantern riddle games... Traveler, if you could do me a favor...
Vermeer: Hmm... Nothing too important, just a painting and a poem, is all...
Vermeer: How about this — let's have a new competition!
Vermeer: I'm confident that these works accurately portray their subjects, but... I can't say any of them really sums up the Lantern Rite...
Vermeer: I... I haven't either. Liyue's too large! How could I paint it all, unless the sky itself were to be my canvas?
Vermeer: If this poet didn't want to compete with me, then why would he make that agreement?
Vermeer: Let's go ask the person in charge around here. Today I absolutely must see where our competition stands.
Vermeer: L—Lantern riddle? What lantern riddle?
Vermeer: L—Lantern riddles? What is the meaning of this...?
Vermeer: My painting... Ahem, well... I have actually painted a lot already — scenes, people, even animals...
Vermeer: No matter what, today I must see where our competition stands...
Vermeer: Oh? What is it? Can you tell me one?
Vermeer: Over here, Traveler, over here!
Vermeer: Painting Xiao Lanterns is a lot of fun, good thing I brought enough materials
Vermeer: Qingce Village? What did he go there for? ...Poetic inspiration?
Vermeer: Quick, Traveler, we must get to Qingce Village and find him! Perhaps I may also be able to find some inspiration there...
Vermeer: So, I want to go find that poet and see how his poem is coming along.
Vermeer: So, you came here to play lantern riddles games with children?
Vermeer: S—So you too... Ahem, so you haven't, have you?
Vermeer: Then it's settled. Let me first prepare my painting supplies, and then let our new competition commence!
Vermeer: This is Qingce Village, then... Where's that poet? Has he gone to look for inspiration somewhere?
Vermeer: This poet... Hmm? Hold on, I have an idea...
Vermeer: Traveler, do you know where he headed off to?
Vermeer: Uh... fine, alright then.
Vermeer: Yes, that's me. That poet and I agreed that we would each create a work of art that sums the Lantern Rite up.
Vermeer: You created a lot of lantern riddles for these kids, right? Well, when I was searching for inspiration for my painting, I saw lots of Xiao Lanterns and their decorative patterns.
Vermeer: You even helped me to find my paints and brushes back then, remember?
Vermeer: You people of Liyue... are so strange! Then what about our competition? Who won and who lost? A draw is simply unacceptable to me.
Vermeer: You write the riddle, and I'll paint the Xiao Lantern. The children will serve as judges, and whoever's work they like more will be deemed the winner. Is that fair?
Vermeer: You wrote this riddle for kids? It's...
Vermeer: You're here at last. Have you written that poem?