 An important commission, you say...
 Could you explain your research topic a bit?
 Fontaine sounds like a scary place.
Patrice: Nay, my homeland is innocent! It is those "additional factors" that are to blame!
 Hello, are you Patrice?
 I have a feeling...
 I suppose these gems are the "Vibro-Crystals."
 I've got it.
 Paimon...
 Quest DescriptionA certain researcher from Fontaine is currently performing some esoteric research in The Chasm.
 That sounds like defeatist talk.
 That's a pretty funny one, I'll give you that.
 That's true...
 These "additional factors" sound horrifying.
Patrice: And yet they have their uses. As long as you are not considered guilty, you can enjoy all manner of conveniences. We people of Fontaine have all benefited from that system in the past.
 Well, I'm interested...
Paimon: You've beaten more super-strong opponents than you can count on both hands, so of course this sort of commission should be easy-peasy!
 Well, this sounds familiar.
 Well, you're free to give it a shot, Paimon.
Paimon: Uhhh, what? P—Paimon's just saying that it would be great if your adventures were all interesting and challenging... Paimon isn't complaining!
 What do you need us to do exactly?
 You're salivating...
Katheryne: Ah, I've been waiting for you, Traveler.
Katheryne: Although we were not given a great amount of detail concerning the nature of this research, I believe that you are quite used to such commissions...
Katheryne: He hopes to get a few assistants to help him conduct his studies. He is presently inspecting the outskirts of The Chasm.
Katheryne: Recently, the Adventurers' Guild has received a rather important commission. Judging from my experience, you are the best person for the job.
Katheryne: Well, that is true... As expected of the two of you — as straightforward as ever.
Katheryne: Well, then I will get straight to the point as well. The person who gave this commission out is named Patrice, and he is a researcher from Fontaine.
Paimon: ...!?
Paimon: Additional factors? Like what?
Paimon: After that, we can go discuss this "bonuses" thing with Mr. Patrice, hehe...
Paimon: Alright, calm down, we get that the situation is serious. This research concerns your future, and even your life, right?
Paimon: And you wouldn't have troubled us if the rewards weren't worth it either, right?
Paimon: Bonuses? Paimon's not sure what you mean...
Paimon: But what do these gems have to do with this vibey-raidey thing you're talking about again?
Paimon: Eh? That sounds way too extreme!
Paimon: Huh. This really does seem like what we do all the time... Paimon almost feels kinda bored.
Paimon: Just leave it to us. We'll help get you out of this!
Paimon: Oh, come on. Don't worry, Katheryne, we're used to it already!
Paimon: Ooh, so that's how it is, huh? Alrighty, Paimon's excited now! It's fine, you can use whatever title you want!
Paimon: Paimon guesses that you'll need us to help you prove your theory by using the power of the Vibro-Crystals to defeat monsters and prove that the "harmonics" association occurs.
Paimon: So is that why you put up so much Mora for assistants to help you?
Paimon: That sounds super convenient! Paimon can totally see it being used to make practical and awesome machines...
Paimon: Uh, Paimon doesn't know who you're talking about, but you can relax.
Paimon: Uhhh, what? P—Paimon's just saying that it would be great if your adventures were all interesting and challenging... Paimon isn't complaining!
Paimon: We're friendly, professional adventurers. We received your commission from the Guild, and we're here to help!
Paimon: Well, let's do it like we always do. First up, to The Chasm!
Paimon: What's he talking to himself about? Let's go say hi, (Traveler).
Paimon: What? Seriously? That doesn't sound like the title of an academic essay at all!
Paimon: Whatever, (Traveler), let's get this done, and get it done quick!
Paimon: Wow, your research sounds more like torture...
Paimon: You've beaten more super-strong opponents than you can count on both hands, so of course this sort of commission should be easy-peasy!
Patrice: "Research halted temporarily due to accidental injury." I think that'll buy me some time...
Patrice: *sigh* If only I were joking.
Patrice: Aaahhh! Where did you two come from... and how do you know my name?
Patrice: Ah, I suppose coming all this way to save material costs was the right decision after all.
Patrice: Ah, but titles must be strange and bizarre to attract the eye of the public and bring in investment! When that happens, we can even discuss bonuses.
Patrice: Ah, very impressive! Liyue truly is an excellent place, filled with high-quality ore and highly-reliable adventurers!
Patrice: And yet they have their uses. As long as you are not considered guilty, you can enjoy all manner of conveniences. We people of Fontaine have all benefited from that system in the past.
Patrice: As long as I don't lose my life, I'd call it a better trade than having to go to court back home!
Patrice: As things stand, I suppose I have no other choice.
Patrice: At the moment, I have reached a critical stage in my work: which is verifying my hypothesis of these "harmonics."
Patrice: Exactly! Why, you're both quite bright, aren't you?
Patrice: I can see it now! "Behold, Patrice's True Tale of the Vibro-Crystals!"
Patrice: I swear to you, I did not enter any restricted areas! If you don't believe me, go ask that black-haired, fierce-looking lady!
Patrice: I was originally most worried about having to run over budget, but I think I shall now retain 20% of my funds even after paying to commission you.
Patrice: I will tell you precisely what needs to be tested. Just follow my instructions as you engage in battle, and we should be fine.
Patrice: I've chosen a suitable area that has a great many steles in it mounted with Vibro-Crystal sets. Tell me once you're ready.
Patrice: If I return empty-handed, I will almost certainly face at least a few dozen charges, including but not limited to, "wasting public funds" and "misappropriating academic resources."
Patrice: Independent researchers must apply for funding to conduct their studies, but using them means that you'll be assuming the social responsibility that comes with their use.
Patrice: Nay, my homeland is innocent! It is those "additional factors" that are to blame!
Patrice: No, no! Research itself is sacred! The highest calling! The thing in my way is what one might call... additional factors.
Patrice: Oh, so you're the reinforcements? Wonderful, wonderful! Now that you're here, we finally have a chance! I was going to die here at this rate...
Patrice: Once this is done, I shall use the remaining amount to hire a newswriter to publish my results. Always good to get the word out there, after all.
Patrice: Pre-cisely! Not long ago, when someone tried activating gems, they discovered that a certain wondrous resonance could occur between special types of gems.
Patrice: Simply put, this is the process of stimulating the elemental energy within gems and crystals, and using this elemental power as a source of energy.
Patrice: Such crimes will surely land me the harshest punishments... Never mind the bankruptcy or the sullying of my name — if I am indeed judged, I might really die!
Patrice: That said, this is contingent upon our research progress...
Patrice: The two energies from the Vibro-Crystals will stack and multiply one another many, many times over! I've called this resonance type "harmonics."
Patrice: These gems were thus named "Vibro-Crystals."
Patrice: To spend large sums and not produce any results therefore makes you no different from a criminal deserving of judgment!
Patrice: Wait, you aren't plainclothes Millelith, are you? Are you here to kick me out? I've already shown you my field inspection permit!
Patrice: We can't have any more delays. We need to move onto the verification stage as soon as possible... Worse comes to worst, I'll do it myself.
Patrice: Well, like how I will kick the bucket should this research fail.
Patrice: When the Transmitter Crystal half of the Vibro-Crystal set has been stimulated in a certain way, it will release a certain energy that will trigger a resonance with the Receiver Crystal half.
Patrice: Yes, let's get down to it. So, my research topic is called Vibro-Crystal Harmonics.
Patrice:' Well, if the Vibro-Crystal Harmonics effect is used to create commercial products, I shall receive a share of the profit in royalties. And of course, some of my share shall go to you.