 Can we call for reinforcements from other Guild branches?
Katheryne: Unfortunately, the situation in other branches is... somewhat complicated. We've received some backup, but it is far from enough.
 Combat is my strong point.
 Fair enough, since it's an emergency.
 Have you been well, Katheryne?
Katheryne: Thank you for your concern, I'm fine. However, the Guild is facing yet another emergency...
 Have you tried asking the Millelith?
Katheryne: They're facing the same situation as we are. Keeping the peace is a duty of equal importance to them, after all.
 Quest DescriptionRecently, a lot of unusual phenomena have been occurring all over Liyue. According to some, they may be related to the monster depicted in ancient texts, Geovishap. Katheryne of Liyue Adventurers' Guild posted an urgent commission, calling adventurers to investigate irregularities.
 Then we take them out, I presume.
 What do you need me to do?
 Why, has something happened?
Katheryne: Indeed, and it is an emergency.
Katheryne: Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome, Adventurer. I've been waiting for your arrival.
Katheryne: Considering your excellent performance recently, I feel that you are the only sensible choice for solving this particular issue.
Katheryne: During this time, many people are heading out to remote locations to sight-see and release lanterns. If they were to run into a Geovishap, the consequences would be dire indeed.
Katheryne: I'm sure that you're familiar with the Guild's expedition system. I have organized leads we have regarding the Geovishaps into a similar format.
Katheryne: If we amass the intelligence gathered from these leads, I am confident that we will be able to pinpoint the whereabouts of the Geovishaps.
Katheryne: In the past few days, the Adventurers' Guild has received many eyewitness reports of Geovishaps.
Katheryne: Indeed, and it is an emergency.
Katheryne: Indeed. Ah, and one other thing — we will update the available intelligence daily. In the meantime, I will do all that I can to support you and your friends as you investigate.
Katheryne: On that note, I shall leave the Geovishap investigation to you. Good luck. Ad astra abyssosque!
Katheryne: Thank you for agreeing to help. First, we need you to follow the trail of the Geovishaps and ascertain their whereabouts.
Katheryne: Thank you for your concern, I'm fine. However, the Guild is facing yet another emergency...
Katheryne: The Guild will rank these expeditions based on the time required and the amount of risk involved. The higher the level, the greater the rewards.
Katheryne: The key difference between these expeditions and the normal ones is that the Guild has already conducted some preliminary investigations. If we act on the information we've already gathered, we should be able to dramatically improve the efficiency of our work.
Katheryne: They look quite similar to Geovishap Hatchlings, but they are very aggressive and possess far more destructive power.
Katheryne: They're facing the same situation as we are. Keeping the peace is a duty of equal importance to them, after all.
Katheryne: Time is against us, so let's have a look.
(Opens up the expedition menu)
Katheryne: Unfortunately for us, many adventurers have now gone to see their family and friends. As such, we're currently experiencing a severe shortage of staff.
Katheryne: Unfortunately, the situation in other branches is... somewhat complicated. We've received some backup, but it is far from enough.
Katheryne: Up till recently, the only known Geovishap sightings were those recorded in ancient texts. No one know why they are suddenly making an appearance now.