 A magnificent wish.
 I've brought it.
 It doesn't sound like this person was here to pay respects...
 Leave it to me.
 Quest DescriptionThe scholar Soraya seems to be investigating something in Mt. Tianheng...
 Soil... samples?
 What are you looking for this time?
 What are you thinking about?
 What were you hoping to find?
Soraya: "May all the world be at peace."
Soraya: *sigh* Liyue has so many legends, and yet my research has seen no progress made at all...
Soraya: ...Hmm, there seems to be nothing special about the soil here.
Soraya: Ah, I'm currently researching the history and legends of Lantern Rite.
Soraya: Ah, yes. This is for you. Consider it thanks for your help.
Soraya: Antlers... Mt. Tianheng... Hmm, if this is real...
Soraya: As I thought, legends are just that, legends... Or has so much time passed since that battle that all traces of it have long since vanished?
Soraya: But all the sources concur that Skybracer has already passed on, and it has been stated that this adeptus once held Mt. Tianheng up with their own antlers.
Soraya: But as it turns out, Mt. Tianheng is crawling with monsters. After ascertaining the site for my investigations, I found it to be so full of monsters as to be impassable...
Soraya: From an academic perspective, it stands to reason that the ground here might have an unusual composition.
Soraya: From what legends I've been able to gather, this adeptus also fought alongside Rex Lapis for a time.
Soraya: Have you brought the sample back with you?
Soraya: Hmm... There doesn't seem to be anything special about the terrain here...
Soraya: Huh? What's this in the tree... Oh, it's a Xiao Lantern...
Soraya: I thought that I could at least find some fragments of those antlers...
Soraya: I wonder, who would write such a wish onto a Xiao Lantern? How strange...
Soraya: I'll leave it to you, Traveler. There's no way I can take them on...
Soraya: I've heard that this year's Mingxiao Lantern is modeled after an adeptus named Skybracer.
Soraya: If the battle truly was that fierce, then perhaps we might be able to deduce something from the terrain.
Soraya: Indeed. But this wish... How should I put it... It seems a little too magnificent. This seems neither like a wish, nor a way of paying respects.
Soraya: It seems more like a wish that one of those adepti of legend might make.
Soraya: Local legends hold that Skybracer held Mt. Tianheng up with their own antlers...
Soraya: Looks like we'll have to get past them if we wish to proceed.
Soraya: Mt. Tianheng... Skybracer... Hmm...
Soraya: Regardless, it seems that at least someone remembered to put a Xiao Lantern up here. That adeptus should be quite pleased.
Soraya: So please, help me go there and retrieve a soil sample.
Soraya: Still, getting a soil sample is, in and of itself, not a bad result...
Soraya: Thank you for accompanying me all this way. I'd like to stay here and do a bit more research...
Soraya: Thank you very much. Let me have a look.
Soraya: That's why I came to Mt. Tianheng to see for myself, thinking that if I got lucky, I might find something...
Soraya: The exact times and the enemies they faced have different from text to ancient text...
Soraya: The legends say that Skybracer used their strong antlers to protect Liyue Harbor by preventing Mt. Tianheng from collapsing.
Soraya: The tales say that Rex Lapis and many adepti took part in that battle, and very nearly caused Mt. Tianheng to collapse.
Soraya: There's something written here...
Soraya: There... appears to be a great number of hilichurls over there.
Soraya: This time... I want to get to a vantage point from which I can overlook Mt. Tianheng and study its terrain.
Soraya: Traveler, could you accompany me for a while longer? I'd like to head upwards, it shouldn't be too far.
Soraya: Traveler, if you're willing, could you help me investigate and take some soil samples?
Soraya: We're finally here... That journey would have been tough enough even without those monsters...
Soraya: Well, that's what we'd say at the Akademiya, but what we really mean is some soil from the area in question.
Soraya: Why would there be a Xiao Lantern here? Did someone come here to pay their respects to the deceased adeptus?