 Leave it to me.
 Quest DescriptionWhile everyone else is lifting their eyes up to the lovely sight of Xiao Lanterns in the sky, Millelith soldier Hongyu is having a headache...
 Three Xiao Lanterns altogether.
 What are you doing here?
 What's wrong?
Flash-Fist Ling: But I couldn't find any Plaustrite, so when I noticed that a Xiao Lantern got stuck over there, I wanted to retrieve the Plaustrite inside...
Flash-Fist Ling: But he claimed that I wasn't earnest enough, and that I still needed to work on the basics. He wouldn't teach me the new technique...
Flash-Fist Ling: Encountering those monsters really made me realize that my martial arts foundations leave a lot to be desired...
Flash-Fist Ling: I planned to take advantage of the Lantern Rite and give him a nice Xiao Lantern to soften his attitude. Perhaps a change of mood would lead to a change of heart, and he'd agree to teach me those moves, or so I thought.
Flash-Fist Ling: I... Ugh, let me start from the beginning. My master recently developed a new kicking technique. An immensely powerful one at that!
Flash-Fist Ling: It's all because I'm too weak. I have a long way to go to fully grasp my master's teachings.
Flash-Fist Ling: Master... I'm sorry...
Flash-Fist Ling: That's not fair!
Flash-Fist Ling: You saw what happened next... Eh, I don't deserve that Xiao Lantern. You can have it.
Hongyu: As it happens, it's my turn this year...
Hongyu: But the amount of Xiao Lanterns released during the festival is overwhelming... If I were to retrieve them all the day after the celebrations end, I'd be done for.
Hongyu: Even so, I doubt I can collect them all on my own.
Hongyu: Have you checked all the spots I marked for you yet? Any Xiao Lanterns recovered?
Hongyu: How did I end up doing this...
Hongyu: I've marked the locations on the map for you. Thanks for your help!
Hongyu: If its lampshade is poorly made, a lantern will break mid-air, leaving only a chunk of Plaustrite that flies all over the place.
Hongyu: So the only feasible way is to remove the broken and misplaced lanterns gradually, as people release them.
Hongyu: Some Xiao Lanterns also get blown away by the wind and end up stuck in random nooks...
Hongyu: Sure, they are quite a view, floating majestically in the air, but at the same time, they can also be quite a nuisance.
Hongyu: Thanks so much. It would have been a lot of work to retrieve the Xiao Lanterns in those places. The trip tires me right out each time...
Hongyu: The former creates safety concerns, while the latter litters the city landscape. So the Ministry of Civil Affairs usually delegates the responsibility of recovering Xiao Lanterns to a specific person.
Hongyu: They release them, I take them back, and so on and so forth. Am I the only one who sees no point in this?
Hongyu: Traveler, would you mind checking a few spots for Xiao Lanterns that need to be recovered?
Hongyu: With your help, I can finally rest easy. So please, take this for your trouble. You've more than earned it.
Hongyu: Xiao Lanterns don't just vanish into thin air after each Lantern Rite, you know? They have to be recovered manually.
Paimon: Hey, over there! Looks like someone's been surrounded by hilichurls. Let's help them out!
Paimon: It's just like Hongyu said. People's Xiao Lanterns end up in some weird places.
Paimon: Paimon sees the Xiao Lantern — but how did it get all the way up there in that tree?
Paimon: What's going on? Are the hilichurls interested in that lantern, too? Let's chase them off, quick!