 ...
 Can I help you?
 Hello?
 I have some questions...
Banu: R—Really? P—Please give me a second. I'll look up what to recite when "they have some questions."
 I'll think about it.
 Is that your request?
 Okay, I'll see what I can do.
 Quest DescriptionBanu is searching for something out in the wild all by herself...
 Setting?
Banu: Yup. Compared to the ones I usually read about, this setting is pretty easy to understand. But it's also less fun since it's a little too easy.
 ...
 Which book is that in?
Banu: Hmm... I think this setting was just made up.
 ...
 You haven't told us what difficulty you've encountered.
Banu: R—Really? P—Please give me a second. I'll look up what to recite when "you haven't told them what difficulty you've encountered."
Banu: "Bracket, describe the difficulty you've encountered concisely... and politely ask for their help, then thank them in a formal manner, bracket."
Banu: "Good day, bracket, address them as sir or ma'am based on their gender, bracket. Terribly sorry to bother you, but please take some time out of your busy schedule to... uh... give ear to my request."
Banu: "In the meantime, I'm willing to pay you handsomely for your hard work, so please, I implore you to give my request some serious consideration."
Banu: *sigh* It doesn't say anything about that. But Shalmar told me I can just check the book when there's a problem...
Banu: Adults are always like this. Just because I'm a child, they think I'm talking nonsense.
Banu: And the last line is... "Bracket, example, bracket. I'd be truly grateful for your kindness and generosity. Your good deed shall be remembered forever."
Banu: Before I met you, I had also asked others for help. But when they heard about the Future Stars, they just gave me weird looks and didn't want to listen to me anymore.
Banu: But the Future Stars are real! I'm not imagining things. You'll see that I'm not lying once you take this... uh... "Banu's Wisdom" with you and go look for the Stars!
Banu: Come back to me once you find all six Future Stars. Then we can go check the Great Future Star out together! I'll take you there.
(Obtain Banu's Wisdom)
Banu: Hmm, alright! I'm Banu and I came here following the map to look for the Future Stars. There are altogether six of them!
Banu: Hmm... I think this setting was just made up.
Banu: Huh? How come? According to 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know, that was exactly what you should say when asking strangers for help. There shouldn't be a problem...
Banu: I think it's a really cool name too, don't you think? Unfortunately, it's way too tall and heavy for me to move it around. So it became less cool...
Banu: If you're not willing to help either, *sigh* I'll just have to wait and see if the next person I meet is willing to listen and accept my request...
Banu: Oh, and take this book, 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know! I've marked the location of the Stars on the map in this book. So you may follow that map first.
Banu: Oh, this is great! It's a well-dressed stranger instead of someone from The Eremites or Treasure Hoarders. Alright, I must seize this opportunity!
Banu: Phew. Now that I didn't miss a single word this time, it shouldn't be a problem at all. Alright, I'll leave the Future Stars to you then.
Banu: Remember, after it runs for a while, "Banu's Wisdom" will need to rest a bit before it can point you to the location of the Future Stars again.
Banu: R—Really? P—Please give me a second. I'll look up what to recite when "they have some questions."
Banu: R—Really? P—Please give me a second. I'll look up what to recite when "you haven't told them what difficulty you've encountered."
Banu: Ta-da! This is... "Banu's Wisdom," yes, that's the name! It's a very important item because it can help you locate the Future Stars. Isn't that impressive? Hehe.
Banu: They even told me to stop fussing around and go back home to my parents. That's so annoying! I'm not some runaway kid up to mischief!
Banu: This is the favor I'm asking. You should be able to move it, so can you help me find the Future Stars with it? After summoning the Great Future Star, I'll reward you in a big way!
Banu: Umm... "Wayfaring friend, please, wait a second before you venture forth!"
Banu: Wait, wait, please don't interrupt me just yet, or I'll forget my lines. My next line should be...
Banu: Well, then I thought the setting was too vague considering it never talked about how to find the Future Stars. So to make up for that, I came up with a supplementary setting.
Banu: Whoever finds all the Future Stars can summon the Great Future Star, which is super duper amazing! And that's exactly my goal here.
Banu: Yes. Well, that's about it for the Future Star's setting.
Banu: You believe me! Thank you! And please take this "Banu's Wisdom" with you.
Banu: Yup. Compared to the ones I usually read about, this setting is pretty easy to understand. But it's also less fun since it's a little too easy.
Paimon: Ah, Paimon remembers that you did mention something about the Future Stars earlier.
Paimon: D—Did you just say bracket?
Paimon: If the book can't help you, you can just tell us what's going on in your own words, y'know?
Paimon: Paimon's still confused... But by the looks of things, you need our help, right?
Paimon: Sounds like you have a favor to ask us, but Paimon's really not following...
The girl pulls out a strange object from the grass behind her.
The girl takes out a book titled 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know from her pocket and anxiously leafs through it.