 Hmm, that means there must be four clues...
 It just means that we need to use the circles as a reference...
 Let's take reference from some ships we've seen before...
 Not to mention the Captain Night Raven on Twinning Isle...
 Not to mention the mountains on Pudding Isle...
 Perhaps the treasure itself wanted to be found...
 Quest DescriptionIt seems that pirates have hidden treasure in the Golden Apple Archipelago and divided the clues up into four parts. Recover all the clues and find that treasure!
 So there's four clues?
 So there's four treasures?
 They mean the center of the circles...
Paimon draws four circles on the map as instructed.
Paimon: ...Uhh, Paimon can't tell where this treasure is supposed to be hidden at all...
Paimon: Aaaand that's the spot!
Paimon: Also, look at this! "The treasure is hidden..." See? There's treasure to be had, alright!
Paimon: And they should be close to the reefs on the four islands!
Paimon: But whatever the case, it says here that something was "placed amidst the reefs of the four large islands." That should refer to the reefs on the four islands of the Golden Apple Archipelago.
Paimon: Heh! Paimon's never wrong when she's on the scent of treasure!
Paimon: Hmmm, that's gotta refer to the four biggest ones in the archipelago, right?
Paimon: Huh, it seems like "Ako Domeki and company" were the ones who left this picture behind. Feels like we've heard that one before, y'know?
Paimon: It seems kinda weird no matter how you look at it...
Paimon: Let Paimon see! Hmm... This looks like it might be some kind of treasure map.
Paimon: Let's give the other three islands a shot and see what we can find!
Paimon: Let's go have a look, (Traveler).
Paimon: Let's keep reading... "... Was split into four parts..."
Paimon: Oh, is that it? Then we just need to draw four circles on the map and... uh, actually, how long is a "large boat-length"?
Paimon: Ooh, there's our four circles now. So the treasure is where all four circles overlap, huh?
Paimon: Paimon's not... super sure?
Paimon: So they split something into four parts, huh?
Paimon: So this is the treasure left by Ako Domeki and his crew? Hmm... But could they really have left the treasure here of all places back then?
Paimon: This is the spot! Look at this huge bubble... Hmm, but where's the treasure?
Paimon: Wait, isn't this one of those reefs?
Paimon: Well, that makes four clues gained...
Paimon: Well, whatever the case, it's ours now!
Paimon: What does this "radius" and "center" stuff mean, anyway?
Paimon: Whoa, all these stairs just appeared right outta nowhere... Is our treasure hidden at the top?
Paimon: Y'know, you've got a point. Maybe the wish of those who buried the treasure, that someone should find it someday, was affected by the machine...
Paimon: Yeah! Didn't those only appear because of the machine? Could they really have hidden this treasure, then?
Paimon: Yeah, we could probably refer to the big ships we've seen in the harbor... Hmm...