 Have you gone in to explore yourself?
 Is there treasure inside?
Honglang: Since we've barely been able to explore this Domain, I can't say for sure...
Honglang: But you can keep any treasure that you find while exploring!
Honglang: I'm counting on you, Traveler.
 Isn't it a good thing?
 Oh, aren't you...?
 Okay, I guess I'll try.
Honglang: Great, I'm counting on you, then!
 Quest DescriptionYou meet an adventurer in Liyue...
 That doesn't sound like a half bad gig.
 We meet again.
 What are you doing here?
 Wind currents? As in the usual kind?
 You didn't lead the charge?
Honglang: *sigh* Don't ask. Remember that peculiar Domain? You know... the one where the internal structure changed according to one's mind?
Honglang: After some discussion, we concluded that if we can make clever use of these mechanisms, it should make exploring this Domain a whole lot easier...
Honglang: And this Domain is chock-a-block full of wind currents.
Honglang: As for payment, don't worry. I've got you more than covered.
Honglang: But before they could work out the mechanisms' specific uses, a bunch of monsters appeared out of nowhere, so they had to pull out.
Honglang: But she wouldn't listen and even commended my work before asking me to lead a team to explore more unknown Domains of that sort.
Honglang: But the distribution of the wind currents in this Domain is a total mess. Some of them even collide with each other, forming areas that can't be flown through.
Honglang: But you can keep any treasure that you find while exploring!
Honglang: Come on, don't act like you don't know! I'm, um... not the most physically fit, and I'm not so great with a wind glider either.
Honglang: Enough about that, let's get down to business. See this door beside me? Behind it is another peculiar Domain.
Honglang: Every time there's trouble, they send me to fix it...
Honglang: Great, I'm counting on you, then!
Honglang: I can just about manage flights under normal conditions, but when it comes to the situation in this Domain...
Honglang: I invited a few adventurers known to be handy with wind gliders to go in and investigate, but without fail, each one barely made it in before being forced to withdraw.
Honglang: I may have earned less before, but I had my freedom. Now I'm stuck with this title Lan gave me...
Honglang: I reiterated to her that I couldn't have managed this case without your help. I only provided a negligible amount of support.
Honglang: I was able to gather quite a lot of information thanks to your help in getting me in there to explore. After the Domain disappeared, I went back to report to Lan.
Honglang: I'm counting on you, Traveler.
Honglang: If I went in to explore, I'd probably get blown around like a leaf before crashing headlong into a horde of monsters.
Honglang: It's you! What a coincidence! I never expected to meet you here of all places.
Honglang: Since we've barely been able to explore this Domain, I can't say for sure...
Honglang: They also reported finding mechanisms inside, and that activating them seems to affect some of the wind currents...
Honglang: Traveler, I saw how well you did the last time. You've got decent stamina, and a good head on your shoulders, too...
Honglang: What's so good about it? I used to just be a regular old adventurer with nothing stopping me from doing whatever I pleased.
Honglang: Would you be willing to help me out once more and explore this Domain?
Honglang: Yep, you know, those whooshing, swooshing wind currents you find outside. Adventurers often use them to fly even higher on their wind gliders.