
(Obtain Picture of Windblume Festival)
 Best you go yourself.
Sayid: No, no, I can't leave now. I just drafted the outline of my report. If I were to leave now, my train of thought would be interrupted.
 Got them all right there.
 Quest DescriptionThe ever-studious researcher, Sayid from Sumeru, has become intrigued by the Windblume Festival.
 So, about Sayid's photograph...
 Sure.
Sayid: Thanks for helping with my research. I will certainly cite you in my acknowledgements.
 What are you doing?
 What do you celebrate there?
Flora: He wants to take a picture of me and my flowers? Sure. Mr. Sayid really has a unique way of thinking. I suppose that's researchers for you, hehe.
Flora: Hmm, I suppose it's true that the Windblume Festival is unique to Mondstadt. The people of Sumeru probably don't celebrate it.
Flora: Welcome to Floral Whisper. Do you need anything?
Flora: Welcome to Floral Whisper. We're always very busy during the Windblume Festival.
Paimon: Hmm, what else did we need to take photos of... Oh, right! The Anemo Archon statue in Cathedral, that's been all prettied up with flowers!
(Obtain Picture of Windblume Festival)
Paimon: Let's go talk to her about it.
Paimon: We should ask her first, though. It would be rude to just take the picture otherwise.
Paimon: Well, that's that. Let's get those pictures back to Sayid.
Paimon: Well, that's those pictures taken. Oh, right, let's not forget to take a picture of Flora, too!
(Obtain Picture of Windblume Festival)
Sayid: Ah, I suppose you're not familiar with our traditions. Every year, we celebrate the Sabzeruz Festival to commemorate the birth of Lesser Lord Kusanali.
Sayid: All of the following deserve to be recorded: the floral decorations in the fountain plaza, the Anemo Archon statue adorned with flowers in front of the Cathedral, and the flower shop owner, hard at work.
Sayid: But if we want to compare the atmosphere, I'd say that there's some difference between the festivities now and the ones back home...
Sayid: Have you finished taking those pictures?
Sayid: I'm counting on you, Traveler. Thought it isn't much, I will prepare compensation for you.
Sayid: I'm currently writing a research report, and I believe that descriptions alone will not suffice. Could you help me take some pictures of the sights around the Windblume Festival?
Sayid: No, no, I can't leave now. I just drafted the outline of my report. If I were to leave now, my train of thought would be interrupted.
Sayid: Oh, it's you, Traveler. Have you come to the library due to your interest in Mondstadt's romantic songs as well?
Sayid: Oh, these are very well shot. I'm sure that they'll come in handy in my research.
Sayid: Perhaps I should call my paper the "Windblume Festival Report"... No, no, that's far too boring...
Sayid: Please help me take pictures of these sights, and pass those photos to me afterward.
Sayid: Seeing such lovely sights reminds me of the festivals in my hometown, Sumeru...
Sayid: Speaking of which, I wasn't able to take part in this year's Sabzeruz Festival either. It's been so long — I wonder how things are at the Akademiya nowadays...
Sayid: Still, words on a page can be read any time, but the history that happens all around us will slip by in but an instant.
Sayid: Thanks for helping with my research. I will certainly cite you in my acknowledgements.
Sayid: The people of Mondstadt have many special rituals during this cozy, romantic time known as the Windblume Festival.
Sayid: Well, I'm getting off-topic. Regardless, thank you for your help. Please accept these as payment.
Sayid: What a romantic tradition. Now this is worth researching!
Sayid: What form do these traditions take, and what of the history behind them? They are both most promising research angles.