 And we're done.
 Hey there, The Cat's Tail's come up with a new beverage...
 Huh. Is that so?
 I wonder how it'll taste...
 I'll go get those Dandelions.
Margaret: Thanks so much. I've heard that the Dandelions of Starsnatch Cliff are of rather fine quality, so do help me get some.
Margaret: I'll go collect some Windwheel Asters as well, and we'll meet back here once we're done collecting our respective ingredients.
 I'll go get those Windwheel Asters.
Margaret: I'm counting on you, then — the Windwheel Asters of Windrise are of rather fine quality, so please try collecting some there.
Margaret: I'll go collect some Dandelion Seeds for my part, and we'll meet back here once we're done collecting our respective ingredients.
 I'll see it done.
 Let it sit.
 Let's Start Blending
 Oh, I found some, alright.
 Oh, this one's got no wine in it.
 Place Dandelion Seeds in.
 Place Sweet Flower in.
 Place Windwheel Aster in.
 Place ice cubes in.
 Pour milk in.
 Quest DescriptionMargaret from The Cat's Tail seems to be planning something...
 Something the matter?
 Sure, I'll give it a go.
 This drink's non-alcoholic.
Aramis: Hello. Can I help you?
Aramis: My apologies, but I'm on duty at the moment. I can't drink.
Aramis: Oh! This is pretty good. It's refreshing, too. Really perks you right up.
Aramis: Oh? Well... then... I guess it'll be fine. I'm feeling a little thirsty, in any case, so I'll give a go...
Aramis: This is a new product from the Cat's Tail, is it? I'll go have another taste later when I can spare time.
Aramis: Well, maybe a little non-alcoholic beverage from time to time won't hurt...
Margaret: ...
Margaret: A most fitting drink for the Windblume Festival. I see I made the right choice in bringing you on board.
Margaret: Ah yes — and Happy Windblume Festival.
Margaret: Ah, you're done with the blending process?
Margaret: Alright, looks like we've got all the ingredients we need. Let's start blending our beverage.
Margaret: Also, it'll ruin the mood if the reek of alcohol is too strong.
Margaret: And that's how it works. You can't get the steps mixed up if you want to make something delicious.
Margaret: As such, I've decided to create a refreshing, non-alcoholic drink that's milk-based and filled with flavor of the "wind".
Margaret: But we'll be here all day if I'm the only one going around collecting them. So, Traveler, could you help me collect some accessorizing ingredients?
Margaret: Don't rush to mix it all together. Let it sit for a moment and let the floral fragrance emerge.
Margaret: Everyone's going to be having fun in the city during this time, and I'm sure that they wouldn't mind having some food and drink to go along with that.
Margaret: First, place a Sweet Flower inside before pouring the base alcohol we're using for this cocktail... and then, of course, we'll drizzle some Milk in to lay the foundations for the clear, sweet texture we're going for this time around.
Margaret: First, place the Sweet Flower in before drizzling some Milk in to lay the foundations for the clear, sweet texture we're going for.
Margaret: Forgotten the steps? No worries. I'll go over the process again.
Margaret: Getting reasonably drunk during the festival, huh... No wonder the crowd at the Angel's Share has grown...
Margaret: Great. Now, just let me explain the process of making this beverage. Make sure you remember it.
Margaret: Have you found the ingredients?
(Give ingredients)
Margaret: Hmm... Give it another go, perhaps. If you have any questions, I'll be right here.
(Go back to mixing the drink)
Margaret: How did it go? Were you able to find some taste testers?
Margaret: However, they'll get drunk very quickly of they all they drink is alcohol, and they'll be liable to get pulled aside by the Knights until they've sobered up...
Margaret: I'll be relying on you, then. I believe there'll be a ton of people near the Anemo Archon statue. You can probably find some testers there.
Margaret: I'll continue tweaking this special blend. Thanks for your help, by the way — and here's a little something as thanks.
Margaret: I'll go collect some Dandelion Seeds for my part, and we'll meet back here once we're done collecting our respective ingredients.
Margaret: I'll go collect some Windwheel Asters as well, and we'll meet back here once we're done collecting our respective ingredients.
Margaret: I'm counting on you, then — the Windwheel Asters of Windrise are of rather fine quality, so please try collecting some there.
Margaret: If you memorized the steps, give it a go. If you've forgotten, feel free to ask me again.
Margaret: It seems that we must come up with a new special blend after all...
Margaret: It tastes a little astringent. The flavors don't seem to have melded together too well. Perhaps something went awry during the blending process...
Margaret: Next, I think this drink needs some taste testers. Traveler, could I trouble you to go out again to look for some?
Margaret: Oh, are you interested in trying it out, too?
Margaret: Oh, it's you. Actually, I was just considering pushing out a new special beverage based on the Windblume Festival.
Margaret: So, want to try making it yourself, Traveler?
Margaret: Still, I think this is fine. Other than those who'd like to get reasonably drunk, the children and the city guards should get to enjoy their own fair share of festive cheer as well.
Margaret: Thanks so much. I've heard that the Dandelions of Starsnatch Cliff are of rather fine quality, so do help me get some.
Margaret: Then scatter the Dandelion Seeds in and place some ice cubes atop them, and that'll just about wrap it up. If you've gotten all that, you can try it yourself.
Margaret: Then scatter the Dandelion Seeds in to make the drink look like it's been adorned with stars. Then place some ice cubes in, and that's a wrap!
Margaret: There's a slight sweetness to the piercing foretaste, and there's also a cooling texture, like that of the flowing breeze...
Margaret: These are some very fine Dandelions/Windwheel Asters. I wonder what flavors we'll achieve if we use these in our blend...
Margaret: To emphasize the flavor of the "wind", I think that we could also use two special additions — Dandelions and Windwheel Asters.
Margaret: We'll make the drink right on the spot, and get a few people to try it out while we're at it...
Margaret: We'll need to add the Windwheel Aster in at this point to add flavor.
Margaret: Well, I've heard that some people really enjoy that sort of hazy, drunken atmosphere. But falling over drunk by the roadside during a festival just isn't a good look.
Margaret: Well... the blending process itself isn't particularly complicated. You just need to follow the steps I've come up with and it should be a ringing success.
Margaret: What should I call such a refreshing drink? The Relaxairy? Hm...
Nimrod: *sigh* Festivals just aren't complete without a little swig of drink...
Nimrod: *sigh* I should just go get myself some Dandelion Wine...
Nimrod: Don't get me wrong, it tastes good, but I don't think a non-alcoholic drink really fits this festival.
Nimrod: I mean, there are lots of people who're looking forward to getting reasonably drunk this Windblume Festival. I don't think this sort of drink would receive a particularly warm welcome.
Nimrod: Let me try it... Eh? This... doesn't have any taste of alcohol at all. It's more like some sort of dairy product.
Nimrod: Oh, you want me to test it, do you? Hahaha! No problem, none at all! I'm an old hand when it comes to wine.
Nora: Do you wanna play with me?
Nora: I'll tell Timmie and Lily, too! I'm sure they'd like some!
Nora: It's really nice! It's sweet, and it's cool! Is this a new drink from the Cat's Tail?
Nora: Really? I'll give it a try...
Nora: The Cat's Tail... Aunty Grace says that kids shouldn't drink wine.
Nora: Timmie and Lily are gonna love this! I'm gonna tell them right away!
Paimon: Alright, that's that. Let's bring it to Margaret and let her have a little taste!
(Obtain Special Beverage)
Paimon: As expected, there's a concentration of Dandelions over here, but what should we do with all these Anemo Slimes...?
Paimon: Got it! Let's begin!
Paimon: Hmm, and next up...
(Repeated Choices)
Paimon: Looks like we're almost done!
(Repeated Choices)
Paimon: Seems like we have to deal with them first.
Paimon: Windwheel Asters grow so thick around here, but... *sigh* Hilichurls are also in great abundance...
The Traveler describes the people's reactions after trying the drink to Margaret...