 And what are you up to?
 Aw, all you want is for her to go out and have some fun, eh?
Viktor: You... Agh, whatever. I'm with the Fatui. We're villains, got it? No bleeding hearts around here.
 He's got important work to do.
Lily: Impotent work? Even more impotent than the Weedplume Fesitval?
 I can take care of that.
 I don't think Fatui can take part in the Windblume Festival.
Lily: Why not? Is it because the Fatooey are bad, bad people? Dadda says that they don't brush their teeth before they sleep and eat with their hands...
Lily: Mm... I guess they are bad people, then. I'm sure that Fatooey's Dadda would be mad, too...
 It's a gift.
 Just here to look at the flowers.
 Lily made it herself.
 Mora for your thoughts?
 Quest DescriptionViktor seems to have run into a small issue during the Windblume Festival
 Say no more, let's be off!
 Seems like you Fatui really don't celebrate the Windblume Festival.
 Sure can, just... not too far out, alright?
 That man's really busy right now. Let's go out and play first, alright?
 That was sudden...
 Yeah, yeah, I got your point.
Viktor: Oh ho, how very straightforward. But then again, you're the Honorary Knight! How silly of me, to think that you might quibble with me for some remuneration...
 You're looking very smug, what are you up to?
 Yup.
Blanche: Ah, Lily, Traveler, you're back. Did you find the puppies?
Blanche: And... is that you, Lily? Why are you here? Where are your parents?
Blanche: Do you want to play with them, Lily?
Blanche: Huh... Let me think. I don't think looking for them is going to do us any good... Perhaps you could put some food into that bowl. Let's see if that attracts them.
Blanche: I think some Fowl would do the trick best.
Blanche: It's the Windblume Festival, after all. It would be good to bring a bouquet of flowers back with you, wouldn't it?
Blanche: Maybe it's all this noise around us that's driven them out?
Blanche: Oh, the puppies? Um, I'm not very sure myself, actually. They usually hide in their kennel and only show up when I put food in their bowl.
Blanche: Something very important? Ah, Rudolf and Jilliana, they...
Blanche: That's good. Oh, yes, if the two of you have some time, you could go over to Flora's.
Blanche: Traveler? Is there something you need?
Flora: But never mind that. Do you two need anything?
Flora: Giving out a complimentary Dandelion isn't much in comparison.
Flora: Hehe. How are you? Here to buy flowers?
Flora: Hmm, Lily? Why are you out with the Traveler?
Flora: Important things, huh? Well, I've certainly got a few ideas about what that might be...
Flora: Just here to look, huh? Hmm, how about this. I happen to have a Dandelion with me right now. Here, Lily, this is for you.
Flora: Well, Rudolf has actually ordered a huge bouquet to give to Jilliana...
Lily and the puppies play together for a while
Lily stands on the chair and makes Tea Break Pancakes under the watchful eye of the Traveler...
Lily: Alright then, let's go back!
(Obtain Tea Break Pancake Cooked by Lily)
Lily: Alright, it's done! I've got three pancakes right here. One for you, one for me, and one for Mister Fatooey!
Lily: Aw, they're so soft and fluffy. Mister Fatooey said that he has lots of puppies back home, too!
Lily: Big sis, what happened to those puppies from earlier?
Lily: But even if that Fatooey's done a lot of bad, bad things, he can become a good person again if he changes, right?
Lily: But he said that his puppies are really, really big and really, really furry. I bet they're so nice to pet...
Lily: Come on, puppies, we've got good food...
Lily: Dadda and Mommy have something really impotent to do! That's why (he's/she's) bringing me around to play!
Lily: Eh? But where are we gonna find some...
Lily: Gotta stand on a chair... Could you help me get a chair?
Lily: Hehe, I learned from Mommy! Once you've eaten it, I wanna hear more of your stories, Mister!
Lily: Hooray! Then I want to hear... about the Fatooey!
Lily: I'm going to tell him that if he becomes a good person, he can take part in the Weedplume Festival!
Lily: I've seen Mommy make pancakes before, and I'd like to make you some too, as thanks for taking me out to play!
Lily: Impotent work? Even more impotent than the Weedplume Fesitval?
Lily: Look, there are puppies over there!
Lily: Mister! Here, this is for you!
Lily: Mister, are you Fatooey not celebrating the Weedplume Festival?
Lily: Mm... I guess they are bad people, then. I'm sure that Fatooey's Dadda would be mad, too...
Lily: Oh... okay. Can you take me out to play then?
Lily: Really? Thank you! Then let's go feed the puppies!
Lily: Really? Thanks!
Lily: This Dandelion's so pwetty... But I gotta get back soon, or Dadda and Mommy are going to worry when they don't see me...
Lily: Wait, what about you? Are you not gonna enjoy the Weedplume Festival either?
Lily: Wait. Before we go back... Do you know where we can find a great big wok, big (bro/sis)?
Lily: We sure did! Thanks, big sis! We had so much fun!
Lily: Why can't that Mister Fatooey go to the Weedplume Festival?
Lily: Why not? Is it because the Fatooey are bad, bad people? Dadda says that they don't brush their teeth before they sleep and eat with their hands...
Lily: Wow! They're here, they're here! I wanna pet them...
Lily: Wow, there are so many of them...
Lily: Wow... That's true! I wanna go...
Lily: Yaaaay! Thanks!
Lily: Yay! Let's go, let's go!
Lily: Yup! I do! I wanna play with them!
Lily: Yup, that's the wok, alright! Wait for me!
Paimon: A big wok... in the city... There's gotta be one at Good Hunter. Let's head over there.
Paimon: Lily seems to have run over to where Blanche is. Let's follow her and check that out.
Paimon: Lily, wait up!
Viktor: *cough* I... No, it's... Those stories aren't very interesting, you know? I'll think of something better, just you wait!
Viktor: *sigh* When will these days finally come to an end?
Viktor: ...It looks... Why, it looks pretty good! Never would have thought you had it in you, kid...
Viktor: ...Whatever. I'll say no more. Go take her out to play.
Viktor: A Dandelion and a pancake? This...
Viktor: A... a gift? This Dandelion's barely got anything more than its stalk left, and the pancake...
Viktor: Ahem... nothing, nothing. And speaking of nothing, if you haven't got anything else to do, why don't you do me a quick favor?
Viktor: Alright. Since you've given me a gift, I'll tell you a few more.
Viktor: And that's how she latched on to me. But as you must also surely know, I can't simply leave the Cathedral, so the only thing I can do is talk to her.
Viktor: As for me... I'll just be over here, getting a hole drilled into the back of my skull by these sisters...
Viktor: But as you know, everyone's got their own fair share of business to attend to because of the festivities, even the sisters. They've got no time to play with the girl.
Viktor: But at least that kid's not—
Viktor: Finally back, are you? Great timing, I was just getting tired of that sister looking at me like I colluded with you to do something to Lily...
Viktor: Hmph. So, to get that sister off my back, and for the psychological well-being of this child...
Viktor: I was just talking to that kid. I wasn't going to do anything bad!
Viktor: I'll wager that she's thinking "oh, I wonder what that evil Fatui schemer has in mind this time" or something right about now.
Viktor: I, uh, probably won't...?
Viktor: If the world was so easily divided into good and evil, then many things would...
Viktor: Just... Go on, shoo. Take that kid and go off to play. She's killing me over here.
Viktor: Might our glorious, righteous Honorary Knight deign to take this child out to play?
Viktor: Oh ho, how very straightforward. But then again, you're the Honorary Knight! How silly of me, to think that you might quibble with me for some remuneration...
Viktor: The Windblume Festival... Hmph. It's got nothing to do with me either way.
Viktor: They're the dreams of a little child. I've got nothing to say about them either way.
Viktor: This kid's parents have gone out shopping amid the festival, so she's been left here in the care of the sisters.
Viktor: Well, I'm sure that Mondstadt's Honorary Knight has a great many duties to attend to during the Windblume Festival. Isn't that right?
Viktor: What a shame, that even in this I must withstand the stares of that sister over there...
Viktor: Who, me? Oh, it's you. Come on, why are you giving me that look of suspicion again?
Viktor: You seem to have had lots of fun chatting with that kid. I heard everything too, by the way.
Viktor: You still want to hear my...
Viktor: You... Agh, whatever. I'm with the Fatui. We're villains, got it? No bleeding hearts around here.