
(If you finished the deliveries before the timer ran out)
 Golden Shrimp Balls.
Smiley Yanxiao: Alright, I've got it.
 Golden Shrimp Balls.
Smiley Yanxiao: No problem, this won't be hard.
 I've sent those meals out.
 Jueyun Chili Chicken.
Smiley Yanxiao: No problem, this won't be hard.
 Jueyun Chili Chicken.
Smiley Yanxiao: This outlander likes spicy food, does he? Ho, I can do that.
 Quest DescriptionSmiley Yanxiao from Wangshu Inn seems to be struggling with his workload during Lantern Rite...
 Smiley Yanxiao wanted me to send this to you.
 Something the matter?
 Vegetarian Abalone.
Smiley Yanxiao: Alright, I've got it.
 Vegetarian Abalone.
Smiley Yanxiao: Hmm, that's a tough one. This outlander sure knows how to pick 'em.
 What can't you let go of?
 What sort of help...
 What would you like to order?
 What's wrong?
Aunt Qiao: Anything I can do for you, youngster?
(Give Aunt Qiao's Almond Tofu)
Aunt Qiao: Oh yes, this is wonderful... A serving of Wangshu Inn's Almond Tofu on a festive occasion is always great.
Aunt Qiao: Oh? This is... the delivery from Wangshu Inn?
Aunt Qiao: Thank you, young (man/lady).
Caspar: Ever since I tried spicy food at Wanmin Restaurant, I've been completely smitten by that flavor. Nowadays, I can't eat anything if it doesn't have that spice in it.
Caspar: I wonder what I'll be served...
Caspar: I'll pass on seafood, I've had too much of it lately. Some fowl would be great.
Caspar: I'm not familiar with Liyue cuisine, so I'll take whatever you recommend, thanks.
Holderlin: But I've been trying the vegetarian lifestyle out recently, so I can't have meat. I wonder if they have something... vegetarian that tastes like seafood...
Holderlin: Hope my order arrives soon...
Holderlin: I've heard that the people of Liyue make excellent seafood, so I'd like to try some...
Holderlin: We've been here all day, why hasn't anyone come to take our orders yet?
(Give the Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewers)
Holderlin: Well, finally! I was just about to leave...
Jiangxue: A Xiao Lantern? Why so sudden...
Jiangxue: Another year, another Lantern Rite...
(Give the Xiao Lantern)
Jiangxue: But having a lantern by my side to look at isn't too bad. Thank you very much.
Jiangxue: Ha, that chef is a thoughtful man indeed. He's... changed a great deal since our initial meeting.
Jiangxue: I don't have anything to wish for, nor have I released a Xiao Lantern of my own in a long time...
Jiangxue: Nothing, really. Mere trivial matters that aren't worth any mention. Thanks for coming all this way and sending me that Xiao Lantern.
Jiangxue: Time slips by, and yet here I am, still unable to wholly let go. How shameful.
Paimon: Oh no, looks like we've taken too long... Let's hope Yanxiao isn't too stressed out...
Qinglian: *cough* Don't worry. Let's wait a while more, the takeout should be here soon.
Smiley Yanxiao: *sigh* What I'd do for some help right now. Where's that Yuhua run off to...
Smiley Yanxiao: Ack, I forgot to take orders from the customers at that table downstairs.
Smiley Yanxiao: After the sides have been served, ask them what they'd like to have for their main course — save yourself that extra trip.
Smiley Yanxiao: Ah, Traveler! I was just wondering how nice it'd be if I could have some help. You up for it?
Smiley Yanxiao: Ah, right. Traveler, do you know how to make Xiao Lanterns?
Smiley Yanxiao: Ah, yes — make sure you don't forget to pass the other Xiao Lantern to Jiangxue.
Smiley Yanxiao: Ah, yes. I've already asked Yuhua to bring the food down to those two customers. They're pretty pleased with it, too — thanks for making that trip.
(If you picked the wrong dishes)
Smiley Yanxiao: Alright, I've got it.
Smiley Yanxiao: Alright, alright, I've got them down now... Phew, this'll be a busy day and no mistake.
Smiley Yanxiao: Alright, run along now. Don't keep them waiting.
Smiley Yanxiao: Argh, I need rest. My hands are so sore that I can barely lift my wok...
Smiley Yanxiao: Come again at night, I need to hurry up and finish making preparations.
Smiley Yanxiao: Did my hand slip somewhere? That can't be...
Smiley Yanxiao: Give me a moment, let me see what we can get you to do right now...
Smiley Yanxiao: Good, good — have you bought the ingredients as well?
(Give the Rice, Almond, and Tofu)
Smiley Yanxiao: Haha, aren't I a busy man... It's the Lantern Rite, and I haven't put a lantern together yet...
Smiley Yanxiao: Haven't the time for idle chat right now. Need to get ready for the guests' orders at night — doubt I'll even have time to get a sip of water.
Smiley Yanxiao: Having made so many dishes in such a short time, we're starting to run out of ingredients.
Smiley Yanxiao: He's usually something of a freeloader, but for some reason, he hasn't come over today...
Smiley Yanxiao: Hmm, that's a tough one. This outlander sure knows how to pick 'em.
Smiley Yanxiao: Hmm, you were a little slow... *sigh* But there were too many things to do, after all...
(If you picked the right dishes for Holderlin and Caspar)
Smiley Yanxiao: How about this? Go and take orders from those two guests downstairs, Holderlin and Caspar.
Smiley Yanxiao: How about this? While you're on your trip, you bring some ingredients back with you. Three servings of Rice, Almonds, and Tofu each should do the trick.
Smiley Yanxiao: I'll take one of them, and I'd like you to help me send the other to Jiangxue. He can usually be found fishing near the inn.
Smiley Yanxiao: If you cared enough to check on me, you might as well help out later tonight.
Smiley Yanxiao: If you're willing to help out, could you make me one... No, two — two lanterns?
Smiley Yanxiao: It doesn't feel right to ask you for help with this as well, but I really can't spare the time to source for materials to make a lantern.
Smiley Yanxiao: Lantern Rite's the matter, what else? We've had lots of staff head back to the city to spend the festive period there, so we've got our hands full right now.
Smiley Yanxiao: Let me see if there's anything we need your help with... Oh yes, we have two servings of takeout here. Could I trouble you to send them out?
Smiley Yanxiao: Most all our staff have headed back to spend the Lantern Rite in the city. We're so short-handed right now that we can barely keep our heads above water, so any help is good help.
Smiley Yanxiao: No problem, this won't be hard.
Smiley Yanxiao: One serving of Almond Tofu for Aunt Qiao, and a serving of Golden Shrimp Balls for Zhuyu.
Smiley Yanxiao: So, are all the other matters settled?
Smiley Yanxiao: So, what did they order?
Smiley Yanxiao: Strange — I wonder why those customers don't look too pleased after their dishes arrived.
Smiley Yanxiao: Taking orders and sending takeout, buying ingredients, serving the food... What else have we got...
Smiley Yanxiao: Thanks, you've lightened my load a fair bit.
Smiley Yanxiao: They've been waiting for a while now, so they might be getting annoyed. Just remember to bring them two side dishes. Some Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewer should do the trick.
Smiley Yanxiao: This is bad...
Smiley Yanxiao: This outlander likes spicy food, does he? Ho, I can do that.
Smiley Yanxiao: We really don't have sufficient ingredients on hand right now, so I'll have to trouble you to go out and buy some. You should be able to get all these ingredients from Second Life, just report the bill to me afterwards.
(Obtain Aunt Qiao's Almond Tofu ×1)
(Obtain Zhuyu's Golden Shrimp Balls ×1)
Smiley Yanxiao: What would Caspar like to eat?
Smiley Yanxiao: What would Holderlin like to order?
Smiley Yanxiao: What's with that freeloader today...
(Give the Xiao Lantern)
Smiley Yanxiao: Why's that girl Yuhua not in the kitchen helping me out...
Smiley Yanxiao: You needn't worry, we don't expect you to do any heavy lifting. Just need to help us serve some dishes and gather some ingredients.
Smiley Yanxiao: You've got nimble hands. Thank you, I should be able to send this Xiao Lantern off soon.
Smiley Yanxiao: You've got some smooth moves, don't you? As expected of an adventurer...
(If the timer ran out)
Zhuyu/Qinglian: Thanks for coming all this way.
Zhuyu: Hmm? Do you need anything?
(Give Zhuyu's Golden Shrimp Balls)
Zhuyu: Look, Qinglian, look — our takeout's here! Thanks for making the trip.
Zhuyu: Qinglian, is there anything else you'd like to eat other than Golden Shrimp Balls?