 *cough* Ahem! So, uh, where were you planning to release that lantern?
 ...Please, allow me.
 About what happened when we released the lantern...
 Ahem. You should go release your lantern.
 Happy Lantern Rite to you, too.
 How is Little Que'er?
 I'll release the lantern for you!
 I'm here at someone's behest.
 Quest DescriptionSun Yu and Little Que'er seem to want to release a Xiao Lantern...
 Sure.
Sun Yu: I salute you.
 The Guhua Clan used to release lanterns here?
 What are you doing?
 You can make Xiao Lanterns from Qingxin?
 You seem a little down.
 Your fellow disciple might have something to say about that...
Little Que'er: No, it was nothing! No, whatever he wants, that's fine by me...
Sun Yu: *sigh* Sister...
Little Que'er: ...
Little Que'er: And how about you, Brother?
Little Que'er: Brother, about that person Zhiruo you were speaking of just now...
Little Que'er: Brother, you and Zhiruo... what's your relationship, exactly?
Little Que'er: No, it was nothing! No, whatever he wants, that's fine by me...
Little Que'er: No, uh, no need... Just stay with me for a bit, I'm sure it'll pass...
Little Que'er: Oh no, I'm not displeased at all. In fact, I couldn't be more happy to help release this lantern...
Little Que'er: Oh... Then what about the relationship between you and me?
Little Que'er: Okay, you can go if you want. I won't join you, though. It's a hard climb and I don't have the energy.
Little Que'er: Sure, sure I'll do the writing.
Little Que'er: The Lantern Rite only comes once a year, and all you can think to make a wish about is the Guhua Clan...
Little Que'er: There you go again... Guhua this, Guhua that...
Little Que'er: Uh, I've got a headache coming on. I don't know, maybe I caught a cold from this mountain air. It was a bit windy just now.
Little Que'er: Was she your senior in the Guhua Clan? Was she good-looking? Were you two close?
Little Que'er: Yes, Brother... whatever you say, Brother...
Paimon: Oh, there's somebody there! Maybe they're also here to release Xiao Lanterns?
Paimon: This should be where Sun Yu wanted us to release the lantern.
Paimon: Well, the Xiao Lantern's been released. Let's go back and tell Sun Yu and Little Que'er.
Sun Yu begins constructing a Xiao Lantern...
Sun Yu: *sigh* Sister...
Sun Yu: Ah yes, Little Que'er's headache is getting better. Perhaps she had just caught a cold, I'm now preparing to...
Sun Yu: Ah, I'm sorry, my junior and I were just considering the matter of releasing a Xiao Lantern.
Sun Yu: Ah, you're back. Did you release the Xiao Lantern?
Sun Yu: Ahem. So, I've checked over everything. It seems like we're still missing a Qingxin...
Sun Yu: And she still remembers the Guhua Clan. I am pleased...
Sun Yu: Are we not both disciples of Guhua? It falls on us to revive the Guhua Clan to its former glory.
Sun Yu: Are you quite alright? How did you suddenly develop a headache... Do you need any medicine?
Sun Yu: Back when the Guhua Clan still... well, existed, an elder disciple would take me there to release a lantern every Lantern Rite.
Sun Yu: But if you are willing, friend...
Sun Yu: But there is something rather nice about Xiao Lanterns scented with flowers.
Sun Yu: But... But we've been resting here for a sufficiently long time, I do believe...
Sun Yu: Excuse me, friend. Would you, perchance, be willing to fetch some Xiao Lantern materials for me?
Sun Yu: Hahaha, now that I think about it, there were probably many that fancied her in the Guhua Clan.
Sun Yu: Hahaha, why, we also share the fated fellowship of our clan, of course!
Sun Yu: Heh, it's an unorthodox method that my fellow Guhua disciples and I once came up with when we were bored and have nothing else to do.
Sun Yu: I salute you.
Sun Yu: I see. Yes, Zhiruo... I remember her. She took good care of me back then.
Sun Yu: I shall await you here. Please bring the materials here once you have found them. You have my thanks.
Sun Yu: I shall await you here. Please bring the materials here once you have found them. You have my thanks.
(Give the Qingxin)
Sun Yu: I shall mark the location for you. Meanwhile, I need to take care of my fellow disciple...
Sun Yu: I... ...*sigh* If you would be so kind, my friend. In fact, I had originally planned to release it from a very specific location...
Sun Yu: I... Uh...
Sun Yu: If I release a lantern around here, the adepti might see it, right? But with these materials...
Sun Yu: It's done, Que'er. Inscribe our wishes on this lantern later, if you will, for your handwriting has always been very good...
Sun Yu: Oh well, I can't say I knew her too well... But Zhiruo was quite adept at healing wounds. Whenever anyone was injured, we'd always go straight to her.
Sun Yu: Oh, uh... I...
Sun Yu: Que'er... Are you... displeased, by any chance? What's the matter?
Sun Yu: Que'er? Is... is there something wrong?
Sun Yu: Sadly, the Clan has since met its demise. No practitioner of Guhua has set foot in that place to release a lantern in a long time...
Sun Yu: Since you offer your aid, my friend, I shall not refuse it. Please, go there and release this Xiao Lantern on my behalf.
Sun Yu: Thank you! We should be able to make a Xiao Lantern now.
Sun Yu: The last ones we picked have since dried out and turned brittle...
Sun Yu: The trouble is that we don't quite have sufficient materials on hand...
Sun Yu: Uh... We aren't very close, really. You could say we share the fated fellowship of our clan...
Sun Yu: Wh—Why, uh yes! Indeed, friend, you speak the truth — we should do exactly that.
You report everything that happened when the lantern was released...
Zhiruo: ...Let's release the lantern first. If you have the time, we can discuss the past further as we walk.
Zhiruo: ...Or just... made it through life, with little to show for it.
Zhiruo: ...The message is... Um...
Zhiruo: ...Um, um... "Happy Lantern Rite, from Zhiruo," I suppose.
Zhiruo: Anyway, it's getting a little late. Happy Lantern Rite, and... please, could you pass on a message to the one who sent you with the lantern? The message is this:
Zhiruo: Back then... Xiao Lanterns from all over the mountain would merge into one in the sky. It was a wonderful sight.
Zhiruo: Better to let him go, and not hold out for his return.
Zhiruo: But he was difficult to track down, and no one would see a glimpse of him for long periods... *sigh* I guess I never should have put my hopes in him.
Zhiruo: But it gladdens my heart to know that there are still those of the Guhua Clan that remember this place.
Zhiruo: But now, I don't know whether I have lived a good life...
Zhiruo: But now...
Zhiruo: He was not angry, he just pointed at me and laughed. Everyone else gathered around and laughed along...
Zhiruo: I also once saw a glimmer of hope. It was a young boy who had just joined the Guhua Clan. He was handsome, well-mannered, and exceptionally talented. It seemed like he would be the one to revive the tradition.
Zhiruo: I don't know where he is today...
Zhiruo: I had yet to make reply when a trusty female junior of ours stealthily poured water on the ground where he stood.
Zhiruo: I remember that there was once when, on the occasion of our releasing lanterns, a high-spirited senior demanded a match with me.
Zhiruo: I saw no one when I first arrived, and that saddened me, I must admit...
Zhiruo: I've heard people say that a Guhua disciple called Sun Yu is currently visiting the mountain, and that he seeks to revive Guhua.
Zhiruo: If only I had his courage...
Zhiruo: Master did not blame me. He just told me to live a good life.
Zhiruo: None but the members of the Guhua Clan know of this spot, and yet your faces are unfamiliar...
Zhiruo: Oh... I'm fine. It's just... this time of year.
Zhiruo: Sorry, I'm prattling away, aren't I... It's good to come outside once in a while, get some fresh air, and get some things off my chest...
Zhiruo: Thanks. Take care of yourself.
Zhiruo: There are those of the Guhua Clan who still remember this place?
Zhiruo: When I left the Guhua Clan, there were barely any disciples left.
Zhiruo: With the ground so wet and slippery, our elder disciple had not even drawn his sword before taking one step, slipping and falling, and landing right on his buttocks. I laughed so hard that I promptly followed suit.
Zhiruo: Yes... We would craft our lanterns, then an older disciple would bring us here. They'd lead the way, and we'd follow behind with our lanterns in hand.
Zhiruo: You're here... to release lanterns?