 I'll show you what I've got!
 Is it about her brothers?
 It's like you're playing a game...
 It's like you're playing house...
 Quest DescriptionYou've helped Arapacati find all four brothers! Return to Vanarana now and look for Arapacati.
 That's right, we must cherish our family.
 Their ages...
 Their sizes...
Paimon: No! Paimon is asking about their ages!
 Try not to be surprised by then...
 Who is this Nara Varuna?
Arachatora: *sob*
Arachatora: But for some reason, just thinking about it slows time to a crawl...
Arachatora: I can't pick any mushrooms until the Sunsettias have ripened ten times. *sob* I know it's not a long time...
Arachatora: Noooo... *sob*
Arapacati: (She/He) is our friend, a friend of Vanarana.
Arapacati: A friend of Aranara from a long, long time ago. A Golden Nara just like Nara (Traveler).
Arapacati: Ages... Ah, Arapacati understands. Just like tree rings. Hmm, the children of the forest aren't distinguished by age.
Arapacati: Arapacati and brothers are all thankful.
Arapacati: Arapacati and brothers are very serious because Nara Varuna said that to be able to share food is a very happy thing.
Arapacati: Arapacati gets it... Nara (Traveler) must come to Festival Utsava and cook with Arapacati's bush-league brothers.
Arapacati: Arapacati has decided. Arachatora not allowed to pick mushrooms until Sunsettias have ripened ten times.
Arapacati: Arapacati is looking forward to it. This Festival Utsava will be really great and amazing!
(Quest ends)
Arapacati: Arapacati is sooo mad! Argh! More mad than mad!
Arapacati: Arapacati no longer needs to worry about brothers missing Festival Utsava or being in danger outside. It's all thanks to you.
Arapacati: Arapacati thinks Arasaka needs to reflect on himself the most.
Arapacati: Arapas, of all places, you had to go to the Varuna Contraption. Don't you know that even Nara Varuna said the water of Vanarana is the most delicious?
Arapacati: Araphala, you too! You went so far away from Vanarana to collect fruits. There are many bad things over there! Araja told us about it especially!
Arapacati: Arasaka, I heard you caused a lot of trouble for Nara (Traveler) because of your "taste of happiness"...
Arapacati: But you started arguing right after leaving. Arachatora, you even ate strange thing.
Arapacati: Forest is very dangerous as Marana is rampant there. When they left, Arapacati reminded brothers to work together...
Arapacati: Hmm? The biggest and the smallest?
Arapacati: Humans cook ingredients into food, and the children of the forest can also make ingredients into food.
Arapacati: Impress them once again with real cooking skills and food that only Nara can understand and Aranara will never understand.
Arapacati: Nara (Traveler) shared Arapacati's trouble with Paimon and solved the problem at its source...
Arapacati: Nara Varuna taught us how Nara eat. That's why Arapacati and brothers started doing cooking training...
Arapacati: Oh and Arapas said that Nara (Traveler) knows how to cook too.
Arapacati: Oh, it's you two.
Arapacati: Oh, this. We once had a Nara friend. Nara Varuna. (She/He) said (she/he) had a "(brother/sister)."
Arapacati: Thank you for everything, Nara (Traveler). When the time comes for Festival Utsava, you must come as well!
Arapacati: That's how we understood. To an "older brother," a "younger sister" is an important Nara. To a "younger sister," an "older brother" is an important Nara.
Arapacati: The purpose of making the "Supreme Delicacy" is to show the fruits of the "cooking training". Alas, what's the point of the training if you could only complete it with someone else's help?
Arapacati: We thought it was great, so Arapacati and brothers decided to become brothers and sister. Nara Varuna said this was great. We should cherish our family.
Arapacati: When Arapacati and brothers listened to (her/him) talk about the "(brother/sister)," Nara Varuna looked happy and sad at the same time.
Arapas: *sob*
Arapas: That's right. Fruits need to drink water and Aranara need to drink water, so water is the best.
Arapas: Vanarana's water is good, but it's water that's right within reach... But we can try using that water to cook next time!
Araphala: *sob*
Araphala: Arapacati is so scary when she's angry. I hope she won't be so angry after she has had some fruit...
Araphala: Exactly! What would we do if he brought back bad spores and mushroom monsters grew here?
Arasaka: *sob*
Arasaka: E—Everything I did was for the "Supreme Delicacy"...
Arasaka: The "taste of happiness" doesn't bring happiness but bitterness instead? How can this be?
Arasaka: Y—You see, only the "taste of happiness" can bring happiness to our little sister.
Paimon: Arapacati! We're here!
Paimon: But there's something Paimon has always been curious about...
Paimon: Hmm...
Paimon: Huh. But Paimon's still got another question for you...
Paimon: Huh? Then why are they your brothers and why are you their younger sister?
Paimon: Let's return to check on Arapacati...
Paimon: No! Paimon is asking about their ages!
Paimon: Okay, but that's certainly unusual...
Paimon: That's great!
Paimon: There's one more thing Paimon's been wondering... Do Aranara need to eat?
Paimon: Well, Aracha... Ara... Er, forget it. The four brothers have all been notified!
Paimon: Yeah! (Traveler)'s cooking skills have been tested by time!
Paimon: Yes. Arapacati, which one of them is your biggest brother, and which one's the smallest?