 (I'm not sure how we can console Sabbah...)
Affan: Don't be sad. Look, in the end, he still managed to leave us the Golden Rose.
Affan: They are the proof that Uncle Shafaqat once existed in this world.
 About Affan...
 Did you think of something, Sabbah?
 Doing the dirty work again...
 Have the seeds germinated?
 I'm on it.
 Keep your chin up.
Affan: Yes, child. You still have a long way to go, and lots of things to do.
Affan: Don't be trapped in melancholy. I don't want to see a second old ghost.
 Quest DescriptionFollow Sabbah's advice and try to "Awaken" the seeds
 Same here.
 Step DescriptionFollow Sabbah's advice. First, use Blunt Attacks to break the seed casings, then use the power of Dendro to "Awaken" the seeds.
Affan: "Blooming from the stone, the Golden Rose sang to me."
Affan: "No land but folk songs bore my spirit."
Affan: "Rose, oh roses, grant me my wish."
Affan: "She sang:"
Affan: "Songs shall defy my fate, and overcome my destiny."
Affan: "They will surpass me, surpass time. They will surpass the ever-lasting withering of life."
Affan: Do you mean to break the seeds open by force?
Affan: Don't be sad. Look, in the end, he still managed to leave us the Golden Rose.
Affan: Don't be trapped in melancholy. I don't want to see a second old ghost.
Affan: He taught the folk song he composed to the generation before me, and they taught it to their own children.
Affan: I was about to lose hope. Didn't expect this flower to actually grow. I guess as long as we're alive, wonderful things can still happen to us.
Affan: I'm really... *sigh* I'm old and useless.
Affan: Little one, are you still sad about Uncle Shafaqat? Don't worry. The living have to carry on ith the wishes of those who passed away. We can't let them down.
Affan: Oh, you probably don't know about this. The village has a rose folk song that has been passed down, and it was originally composed by Uncle Shafaqat.
Affan: So they're stones, huh? Then I suppose all hope is lost. Golden Roses can't grow from stones.
Affan: There are already people in my generation who have never heard of this song, and when our generation is gone, no one will remember him anymore.
Affan: They are the proof that Uncle Shafaqat once existed in this world.
Affan: They're finally sprouting! Finally...
Affan: This is the song Uncle Shafaqat taught us.
Affan: This must be the person you found to help me, right? I said something harsh to her just a few days ago...
Affan: Yes, child. You still have a long way to go, and lots of things to do.
Affan: Yes... He was exiled to this village, and he lived in the house behind us his whole life.
Affan: You're here.
After you wait in silence for some time, young shoots slowly emerge from the soil...
Paimon: Are you thinking about your own future as well...
Paimon: Paimon... Paimon doesn't really get it. Are you saying that the seeds have turned to stone?
Paimon: Wow, Sabbah's method really worked!
Sabbah: (They can cultivate a new species? Well, I have to say I still have a long way to go.)
Sabbah: (Traveler), can you do it?
Sabbah: Aren't we having a friendly chat right now? Don't take it to heart, sir.
Sabbah: As the song hinted, perhaps breaking the stone shell will let the seeds sprout from the stones.
Sabbah: Based on my observations, these seeds appear to have gone through petrifaction. There are two possible reasons for this:
Sabbah: But I agree. Since we're alive, we may as well try our best to live a happy life.
Sabbah: But this rose breed has a seed casing that is too hard for the sprout to break through. So we can try lending them a hand instead.
Sabbah: Golden Rose? Do you refer to the Golden Rose that the folk song sings of?
Sabbah: Here for a chat? I've been wanting to talk to somebody.
Sabbah: Hmm? Did something happen?
Sabbah: I see, so that's why you have come to me for help.
Sabbah: I see. That's probably how all of us exiles will end up.
Sabbah: I will visit Mr. Affan's nursery when I have some time. You can look for me there later.
Sabbah: I'm honored that I am the one you thought of when something like this came up.
Sabbah: If the above hypothesis is true, this means that these seeds can be preserved for a long time.
Sabbah: If this is the case, the seeds will be unable to germinate. However, the probability of this hypothesis proving true is low.
Sabbah: Is this fine with you, Mr. Affan?
Sabbah: It takes a very long time for petrifaction to take place, and these seeds do not meet that time requirement.
Sabbah: It's a great pity that a person like him faded into nameless obscurity so far away from the Akademiya.
Sabbah: Let's give them more time to absorb more nutrients. We'll reconvene later and watch them bloom.
Sabbah: Looks like Mr. Shafaqat's wish can finally be fulfilled after all.
Sabbah: Mr. Affan and I went to take a look, and they haven't, unfortunately.
Sabbah: Mr. Affan, you told me before that this breed of rose is something that he cultivated.
Sabbah: Mr. Affan... I'm not so young anymore. Those friends I grew up with... their kids must be old enough now to go buy spices at the store.
Sabbah: Normally, an ideal planting environment needs to be created to awaken the seeds and let them break through the seed casing on their own.
Sabbah: Obviously, we're not going to completely smash the seeds. We have to get someone nimble to do this.
Sabbah: Speaking of which, cultivating new species is something only the top researchers can do.
Sabbah: Still, I will try my best. The gentleman you mentioned who cultivated a new species of rose also interests me.
Sabbah: That is to say that they can gather enough Geo elements while in seed form to form a stony shell over their exteriors.
Sabbah: That said, I did not specialize in plant cultivation, and my experience is limited. I'm not sure that I'll be of much help.
Sabbah: That's right... We can make the stones bloom!
Sabbah: The first possibility is that they lost all possibility of growth after a long period of natural weathering and have thus transformed into a petrified state.
Sabbah: The second possibility is that this breed has a strong affinity for Geo.
Sabbah: These Golden Roses have only just sprouted. They have yet to bloom. I want to keep watching over them until they bloom. How about you all?
Sabbah: To be able to cultivate a new species, he must have been a researcher who was exiled here, just like me, right?
Sabbah: Try using Blunt Attacks to break the petrified seed casings, then use the power of Dendro to awaken the seeds.
Sabbah: You must be careful. Use Blunt Attacks to break the seed casings first, then use the power of Dendro to awaken the seeds.
Sabbah: You're right. I shouldn't be getting all melancholic at a happy time like this. Let's get back on topic.
You tell Sabbah about the difficulties Affan has encountered.