 Don't worry, I'm not hungry.
 I heard that someone's growing flowers here.
Affan: Yeah, I'm growing flowers, not some dumb rocks.
Affan: I thought... Ugh. Never mind, what am I even supposed to say now...
 I was the one running though...
 I'm a traveler looking for my family.
Paimon: Yes, we've traveled a long way for this, and gone through many adventures together.
Paimon: (Traveler)'s a righteous soul through and through.
 I'm an adventurer exploring the world.
Paimon: Yep! We've climbed many, many mountains, and crossed lakes and seas to get to Sumeru.
Paimon: What do you call it? Uh, we're... big-hearted adventurers.
 Let's see...
 No need.
 No problem.
 Okay.
 Quest DescriptionThe old man who lives alone on the outskirts of the village may be the flower grower mentioned by Sabbah. Help him clean up his nursery.
 Sure.
 We're just passing by.
Affan: Passers-by? Uh...
 We've taken care of it.
 What's the problem?
Affan: (The dream he never got to fulfill when he was alive... Allow me to realize it for him.)
Affan: Ah, I haven't had time to cook yet, so I'm afraid I have nothing with which to receive you as guests.
Affan: Ahem. How embarrassing, to have to apologize to two children. But I am sorry. I shouldn't have made assumptions.
Affan: Alright, I understand.
Affan: Alright, alright. Since I asked for your help, I will be sure to compensate you.
Affan: And a few bad kids too. They keep coming over here to cause trouble.
Affan: Child, you wouldn't understand even if I told you. Come visit me again when you get the chance.
Affan: Children, please accept my — Affan's — most sincere apologies.
Affan: Do you want to come see the flowers when they bloom?
Affan: Good, good. Now I can finally plant some seeds without worries.
Affan: Hehe, what I'm planting is a friend's wish.
Affan: I originally had two nurseries. One is here, and the other is to the west of the village.
Affan: I see. So that's why. I knew something was off when so much black stuff just appeared out of the ground.
Affan: I thought... Ugh. Never mind, what am I even supposed to say now...
Affan: I'm fine! I don't need the other villagers to worry about me.
Affan: I've gotten quite old, so it's getting harder for me to tend to both places. I didn't check on the other nursery for just a few days, and it was destroyed by some strange black stuff.
Affan: It's my first time seeing children dressed up like this. What is it that you do?
Affan: It's terribly dangerous. Once I went in, I thought I wouldn't be able to come back out. I know better than to try to go in there again.
Affan: My greatest hope now is to restore that nursery so that I can grow flowers there again.
Affan: Normally, only some old friends of mine would come over to tell me to give up on the nursery and move back to the village.
Affan: Passers-by? Uh...
Affan: So based on what you just said, I can request your help when I have a problem that I can't solve, yes?
Affan: So, this other kid is your friend, huh? She's pretty cute.
Affan: Take this, children. I can't give you much, so this is all.
Affan: The nursery is to the west of the village. Don't get lost!
Affan: The nursery is to the west of the village. Give it a try, and see if you can save it.
Affan: The old... I mean, a friend of mine gave me these three precious seeds. So of course they are different from normal seedlings.
Affan: There will be more and more of them in the future. Haha, and they will surely create a beautiful scene.
Affan: They will most likely bloom in a few days. Come back later to see the flowers you helped to plant.
Affan: This field might look empty now, but these three seeds will one day sprout and bloom in this nursery.
Affan: What are you kids doing? Come to laugh at this old man "growing rocks," have you?
Affan: When these three seeds sprout, bloom and produce seeds again, I'll plant them in the ground there. Then the land will be covered with these flowers.
Affan: Yeah, I'm growing flowers, not some dumb rocks.
Affan: You children are very capable to be supporting yourselves at such a young age. Quite impressive. Much better than me at your age.
Affan: You have good hearts. But don't worry, children. Mora can't buy these flower seeds.
Affan: You two are back? How is the nursery? Do you think it can be saved?
Affan: ♪...
Paimon: (Traveler)'s a righteous soul through and through.
Paimon: Aaaand the soil's back to normal! Hooray! Piece of cake! Let's go tell Grandpa Affan.
Paimon: Ah, most of the stuff here is food instead of Mora... Shawarma, Tahchin, and lots of vegetables.
Paimon: And he was planting seeds that looked like stones, saying that he was planting... a wish?
Paimon: But he lives alone outside the village. It can't be easy for him, right?
Paimon: C'mon, let's see how much we got and how many meals we can buy.
Paimon: Don't sweat the small stuff! How about we use our payment to buy ourselves a treat, hmm?
Paimon: Eh? These strangely-shaped rocks...? Can flowers grow out of them?
Paimon: Is it possible that he's been living on his own for so long that he's started to imagine things?
Paimon: It doesn't sound too complicated. What do you think? Should we accept this commission, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Never mind the Mora. If he gave us all his rations, then... It just feels wrong.
Paimon: No problem! Don't worry about it.
Paimon: No wonder Grandpa Affan mentioned some strange black stuff — there's a Withering Zone here! But this isn't our first time dealing with one, so let's just take care of it!
Paimon: Oh? Do you mean you have a commission for us?
Paimon: Phew, commission complete! Paimon's a little hungry after all that running around.
Paimon: So there's no need to worry, gramps. We're not bad guys.
Paimon: The more Paimon hears about it, the weirder it sounds. Grandpa Affan, just what are you growing?
Paimon: This is way too much. Did we take a whole day's rations away from Grandpa Affan?
Paimon: This is worrying. Let's pay him a visit when we can find the time.
Paimon: We don't do things like bullying lonely old folks.
Paimon: Well, Paimon was providing running commentary. That takes energy too!
Paimon: What a strange answer. Can you really plant that sort of thing?
Paimon: What do you call it? Uh, we're... big-hearted adventurers.
Paimon: Where did you buy these from, Grandpa Affan? Did you get scammed or something?
Paimon: Whoa, no need to be so hostile from the get-go.
Paimon: Yep! We've climbed many, many mountains, and crossed lakes and seas to get to Sumeru.
Paimon: Yes, we've traveled a long way for this, and gone through many adventures together.
Paimon: You're mistaken. We're not from Aaru Village, and we're not here to laugh at you.
You explain the Withering to Affan.