 I wish you happiness.
 It was all worth it.
 Keep your chin up.
 Let us help.
 Quest DescriptionJoin others to witness the Golden Rose in full bloom.
 See you.
Affan: You have a good heart, child. May the gods watch over you and that heart of yours. See you.
 So, about the folk song...
Affan: Ah, so you've remembered it, eh? Well, that makes one more young person who knows it. Good, good.
Affan: "Rose, oh roses, grant me my wish. Blooming from the stone, the Golden Rose sang to me."
Affan: "No land but folk songs bore my spirit. Songs shall defy my fate, and overcome my destiny."
Affan: "They will surpass me, surpass time. They will surpass the ever-lasting withering of life..."
 The wish has finally been fulfilled.
"Blooming from the stone, the Golden Rose sang to me."
"Rose, oh roses, grant me my wish."
Affan: "No land but folk songs bore my spirit. Songs shall defy my fate, and overcome my destiny."
Affan: "No land but folk songs bore my spirit."
Affan: "Rose, oh roses, grant me my wish. Blooming from the stone, the Golden Rose sang to me."
Affan: "Songs shall defy my fate, and overcome my destiny."
Affan: "They will surpass me, surpass time. They will surpass the ever-lasting withering of life."
Affan: "They will surpass me, surpass time. They will surpass the ever-lasting withering of life..."
Affan: Ah, so you've remembered it, eh? Well, that makes one more young person who knows it. Good, good.
Affan: But until then, I think I would feel quite a bit more assured if these few roses bloomed first.
Affan: Don't say that, Sabbah. Do you remember the last stanza of the rose song?
Affan: Hahaha! Well then, you have a deal.
Affan: I finally did something right in the end. Uncle Shafaqat, I've helped you fulfill your wish.
Affan: If these few specimens grow well, we will be able to cultivate more Golden Roses.
Affan: It's you guys. Well then, we and the roses have all been waiting for you.
Affan: Uncle Shafaqat's life, the Golden Roses, and the folk song he composed himself — they have all remained with us.
Affan: You have a good heart, child. May the gods watch over you and that heart of yours. See you.
Affan: ♪ ... Ah. It's you. Come, come. These flowers are growing well, are they not?
Paimon: Golden Roses really are beautiful. Seeing them bloom has really brightened Paimon's day!
Paimon: Sabbah came early too!
Paimon: These days of hard work were not in vain. Paimon's so happy!
Sabbah: At least I'm not completely alone. I have these roses, the memories of being with you guys, and Mr. Affan.
Sabbah: Do you remember how you made my Sumeru Roses bloom? Let's use the same method.
Sabbah: He was an exile before me, and seeing the traces of his life here always makes me feel like I've crossed through time and space...
Sabbah: I can no longer say anything to him, but I can shoulder his regrets and live on.
Sabbah: I don't feel so bad living here anymore. I'm... so glad I met you all.
Sabbah: I still have some good things in my life, and just thinking of that makes me feel less lonely.
Sabbah: I used to feel lonely staying in Aaru Village, but I feel differently now.
Sabbah: I'm not just looking at him. I'm looking at myself too.
Sabbah: I've been coming here a lot lately, and I've read the notes that Mr. Shafaqat left behind.
Sabbah: If I live on for him too, then I'm sure that I will eventually find my own salvation.
Sabbah: It's a shame he is no longer around to see it.
Sabbah: Mm, I'll do my best.
Sabbah: Mr. Affan and I have had a discussion. I will help him tend to the Golden Roses from now on.
Sabbah: Okay, it's up to you now.
Sabbah: Roses truly are flowers that can bring people happiness. Mr. Affan, we shall have to work hard and plant more roses here in the future.
Sabbah: Thank you for telling me about him. This means a lot to me.
Sabbah: Use the power of Dendro to awaken the flower sleeping within the shoots.
Sabbah: We'll cultivate more of them till they fill the whole nursery. But for now, let's get these to bloom.
Sabbah: Yeah, you're right. He has surpassed time and the withering of life.