 (Thank goodness we don't have any papers to write.)
 Arguing won't change a thing.
 Benben has three corners, and so do the doors here...
Jeht: So Benben's the type that's drawn to something similar to itself, huh? (Traveler), no wonder they say you're an experienced adventurer — you observe everything in such detail.
Benben: Beep. Bee-eep!
 Choosing one means giving up on the rest.
 Hmm... It's a very symmetrical painting?
Tirzad: It is symmetrical... But this isn't a matter of style alone. It symbolizes a solid structure, a rule by force.
 I think it would rather stay here.
Tirzad: Hey, now you're acting just like Jeht. That thing... Ahem, I mean Benben, can only prove its true worth when it becomes research material for me.
 I want to explore freely too, you know...
Tirzad: Then we'll explore freely together!
 I'm terrible at pursuing and waiting for things...
Tirzad: Haha! But isn't life made up of exactly that?
 If I spend ten years working hard at the Akademiya...
 Insignificant subjects and a great king.
Tirzad: Exactly! That's exactly what this mural symbolizes!
 Is it important?
 Is it like an adventurer's instinct?
 Jebrael, what do you think about these ruins?
 Just a little.
Paimon: What? Really?
 Let's just find a way through the door.
 Making choices is never easy.
 Maybe it's a bizarrely-shaped key?
Jeht: But if that's true, then which door is its pair?
Benben: Beep?
 Might it make sense because this is an "ocean of sand"?
 No need to exaggerate...
 Not at all.
Paimon: Yeah, Paimon has no idea what Jeht's talking about...
 Nothing so far...
 Okay...
Tirzad: I'll have nothing to worry about with you around.
 Quest DescriptionYou have left the pit with the archaeological team. Now it is time to head over to the oasis Jebrael mentioned and get ready to camp there.
 Step DescriptionAfter a night's rest in the oasis, Tirzad's archaeological expedition seems to have officially started at last...?
 Step DescriptionJebrael seems reluctant to talk further. Head back to the campsite for now.
 Step DescriptionJebrael went somewhere high up by himself. The look on his face is somewhat concerning...
 Step DescriptionRemain vigilant and explore Khemenu Temple.
 This path looks like it leads upward.
 Uh...
 We will need patience nonetheless.
Paimon: Well... That is true...
 We're still talking about academic reviews, aren't we?
 Well, its value to whom?
 What does this have to do with love?
Tirzad: Let me explain!
 Whose gravestone is this?
 Wouldn't you have to change your research topic?
Tirzad: Oh, right! It was the clues on the Stone Slate that led me here. How did I stray so far off my plan?
 You can't convince each other anyway.
 Your lover is academic research?
Tirzad: The current situation is that I want to love it, but it seems to hold no interest toward me.
Benben: Bee-eep. Beep!
Benben: Beep!
Benben: Beep! Bee-eep!
Benben: Beep-beep!
Benben: Beep. Bee-eep!
Benben: Beep... Bee-eep?
Benben: Beep... Beep beep...
Benben: Beep... Beep-boop, beep, bee-eep! Beep beep... Beep!
Benben: Beep... Beep...
Benben: Beep?
Benben: Beep— Beep!
Jebrael: (It's going alright...)
Jebrael: (Jeht's already a big girl now, but she's not yet that reliable.)
Jebrael: (No clues can be found here.)
Jebrael: (Traveler) here's an expert adventurer with much more experience in ruin mechanisms than Tirzad. Giving (him/her) this important item will help us make the best use of it.
Jebrael: ...
Jebrael: ...I'm just a brute. All I know about King Deshret are old stories that no one wishes to hear.
Jebrael: ...One who only draws from others can hardly call himself an independent researcher.
Jebrael: ...To our employer, of course. After all, he is depending on it to write his paper.
Jebrael: And you only see the obedience revealed on the surface, but fail to notice the direction of the people's hopes.
Jebrael: Anyway, let's head back. We shouldn't keep Jeht and the others waiting for too long.
Jebrael: Be patient, it's too early to make any judgment yet.
Jebrael: Better to be safe than sorry.
Jebrael: Have you found any clues? I haven't made any progress over here just yet.
Jebrael: I don't see any traps.
Jebrael: I gave up the path of seclusion, not because it's a mistaken path, but because I found a better path. Jeht, I hope you'll be able to take that bright path.
Jebrael: I guess this is where our little chat ends. It'll be more efficient if we split up and look for clues.
Jebrael: I'll be on lookout tonight.
Jebrael: In the worst-case scenario, the merchants may be forced to leave... This way, we'll still have some supplies to come back to even if that happens.
Jebrael: It was their hope which tied the people of the sand to King Deshret. They thought this would help them overcome the calamity, but we know the outcome of that.
Jebrael: It's like the branches on a tree. While they come from the same roots, their endless division makes it so that some may not touch each other for decades or even centuries.
Jebrael: Jeht isn't entirely correct, but you... You know very little about the sand.
Jebrael: Jeht.
Jebrael: Keep it safe.
Jebrael: King Deshret's secrets rarely reveal themselves to mortals.
Jebrael: Let's advance with caution.
Jebrael: Only when the entire tree withers and its trunk decays will those separated branches finally meet in the soil.
Jebrael: Take a rest here while I have a look from somewhere high up.
Jebrael: That stone slate has lit up once. We'll definitely find a way to make it light up completely. We just have to not give up.
Jebrael: The Akademiya's researchers aren't alone in coveting King Deshret's relics.
Jebrael: The desert holds only the past. It has no future. If what lies beneath the sand and wind can be described as the truth, then I can only say that it perhaps isn't something that will bring joy to everyone.
Jebrael: The merchants can rest in the oasis while we're away.
Jebrael: This destroyed kingdom was once strong and beautiful. It may be difficult to believe... that all of this was built in the desert.
Jebrael: Tirzad gave you the stone slate, right?
Jebrael: Underestimate the sand and you'll pay with your life.
Jebrael: We have a long journey ahead. Let's stop wasting time and get moving.
Jebrael: We've discussed our contingency plans, but we must bury some of our supplies before we leave.
Jebrael: Well, what a coincidence. I, too, do not think that the opinion of a struggling researcher who came here out of desperation holds any weight.
Jebrael: What I do know is that there may be hope if we continue forward, but we'll leave empty-handed if we turn back now.
Jebrael: What is it?
Jebrael: Who knows. Maybe it belongs to a nameless researcher who once tried their luck like Tirzad, but didn't roll high like he did.
Jebrael: You can't be unaware of its value, surely?
Jebrael: You should ask Tirzad. He's the professional here.
Jeht: (Beep-beep? Haha, I wonder if Benben can understand me.)
Jeht: (I'm sure Benben will enjoy listening to stories, too, hehe.)
Jeht: (So many doors...)
Jeht: *sigh* Benben seems to have a lot to share with doors. If only my father and I could do the same...
Jeht: Alright! Tirzad Archaeological Team! Let's go!
Jeht: Alright, alright. Anyway, just shout "help meeee!" if you're in danger or something...
Jeht: As long as communication is achieved, it doesn't matter if the language used is something we're familiar with! For example, animals have their own languages, and the sand has its own language too.
Jeht: Benben seems to know this place well, and for some reason, "doors" seem to hold a special place in its heart?
Jeht: But even the freest sand should rest at an oasis. It's getting late, so let's get some rest.
Jeht: But if that's true, then which door is its pair?
Jeht: But once you can understand Benben's emotions, trying to guess what Benben's saying isn't that difficult!
Jeht: But something like Benben shouldn't be able to speak either, right?
Jeht: But...
Jeht: Can Benben get wet? It shouldn't be a problem, right? Actually, let's just keep it away from water...
Jeht: Father seems a little... Maybe he's recalled his past life in the desert. If only he'd tell us some stories of his past at night.
Jeht: Father...
Jeht: Father?
Jeht: Haha! I don't know. Perhaps it might be a hobby of the wealthy, for all you know? But you should have expected that you'd have to camp outside. What else can we do, anyway? Go back the way we came?
Jeht: Haha! I'm just speaking my mind. After all, I'm as free as the sand.
Jeht: Haha! Of course not! It's just as I mentioned before, I can sense some of its emotions.
Jeht: Haha! There's no danger here! And while you might be a researcher, you're terrible at puzzles. You'll just be a burden to (Traveler).
Jeht: Haha! Tirzad, you better hurry up, or someone else might publish a paper about this before you!
Jeht: Hahahaha! Tirzad, that would be your own mistake. As a researcher, you should be able to distinguish the authenticity of the materials you collect!
Jeht: Heh! I'll sleep well with you on lookout, father.
Jeht: Hehe, I think Benben's saying that it's capable of more than that.
Jeht: Hehe, it'll be a new day tomorrow. The ruins ahead are still waiting to be explored.
Jeht: Hey, come on, aren't we already companions on this journey? Of course we'll protect you in the face of danger — my father and I are professionals.
Jeht: Hmm... But this mural feels so peaceful to me. Everything feels so orderly, and everyone has their own place and duty. Isn't that good?
Jeht: Hmm... Well, no one has been here in a very long time.
Jeht: Huh? I thought it would be smooth sailing this time, but we still have to figure out a way to get the door open...
Jeht: Huh? What's Tirzad's stone slate doing with (Traveler)?
Jeht: I don't have family traditions, and I don't even remember my mother's face. I only have you, and you only have me. There is no large tree and no branches that tie us together.
Jeht: I don't really understand you. If the path of sand isn't what you desire, then why accept Tirzad's commission? Don't tell me it's because you want to take a look at your past.
Jeht: I love the sand, just like I love Paimon and Benben.
Jeht: I never knew making decisions would be this difficult because I've never given them any thought. I think I've lived the life I wanted for as long as I can remember.
Jeht: I think you just can't forget the desert and the hot winds that sweep it.
Jeht: I'm sure you'll get to that place where no one has been, and find that... special research material of yours!
Jeht: If you're so unhappy, then why not do something else? How about being a traveling merchant like Nachtigal?
Jeht: Is that how it is? Fine, you do have a point.
Jeht: Is that so?
Jeht: Is this... a mural?
Jeht: It seemed to have been talking to the doors earlier.
Jeht: It's as impossible as breaking open ten bad eggs in a row for breakfast.
Jeht: Just ask Benben if you're curious! Benben, what were you talking to the door about?
Jeht: Keep your chin up, Tirzad! No matter what others say, I think you're a brave person. You've taken that first step and left the comforts of your home.
Jeht: Maybe Benben can open the door?
Jeht: Maybe she's somewhere in this very desert just like us, bathing under the milky white rays of moonlight and braving the dry night breeze while looking back at the great day she just had.
Jeht: No family, no objective... But what we are is pretty free. Haha!
Jeht: Now that the door's open... You're eager to go inside, aren't you, Benben?
Jeht: Now, just do as you've already done, and take the second step, then the third...
Jeht: Of course not. They're just guesses I made based on Benben's emotions.
Jeht: Oh! Looks like you've still got some spirit, eh?
Jeht: Oh, I see.
Jeht: Oh, alright! Nachtigal and the others are still waiting for us at the oasis. Let's continue exploring!
Jeht: Oh, it must have been a mischievous cat that no one could catch, which is why so many people passed through here.
Jeht: One of us will get there in time. Probably.
Jeht: Or do something you're good at, like me and my father. That's not bad at all, isn't it?
Jeht: People used to come here, long, long ago, and some would even pass this way many times a day.
Jeht: Right, Tirzad's an Indoor... an Indoorsology researcher, eh? Wow, that sounds so lame.
Jeht: Right, like the relative you mentioned earlier... Didn't she give up her family's rules, traditions, and everything else to live the life she wanted to?
Jeht: Since it's father, he definitely has his reasons. Well, it's always a good idea to prepare for every possibility.
Jeht: So Benben's the type that's drawn to something similar to itself, huh? (Traveler), no wonder they say you're an experienced adventurer — you observe everything in such detail.
Jeht: So, (Traveler), I heard from Nachtigal that you beat up Stormterror and were made an Honorary Knight for that achievement?
Jeht: So, (Traveler), have you figured anything out?
Jeht: Someone has been here, but they weren't able to open this door.
Jeht: Speaking of which, didn't you complain about being exhausted and not discovering anything so far? How are you this motivated now?
Jeht: Speaking of which, why did you choose to leave the desert, father? You rarely mention your past, so I see all this very differently from Tirzad...
Jeht: That's amazing!
Jeht: That's enough. It doesn't matter who did it, all that matters is that the door opened, right?
Jeht: The door is protecting something very important, and so much time has passed that it has almost forgotten how it used to open.
Jeht: The strange thing is that I have no memories of the desert, but coming here makes me feel like I've returned home all the same.
Jeht: The way Tirzad thinks is really strange. In my opinion, a couple just has to consider each other suitable. There's no need to compete with others.
Jeht: Then you'd better be careful, (Traveler). Father, let's prepare for battle as well.
Jeht: This is a place with hope too. I'm sure of it. Isn't finding Benben proof of that?
Jeht: This should do, right? Let's set out, then!
Jeht: Tirzad, stop worrying about this and that. An Indoorsology researcher like you has finally gotten the opportunity to enter some ruins, so just treat it as a chance to view some of your seniors' research subjects for yourself.
Jeht: Tirzad, you're such a pampered guy. Tell me, will even a bean placed under ten mattresses disturb your sleep?[Note 1]
Jeht: Uh, Tirzad, do you and King Deshret have...
Jeht: Wait, Benben's acting a little strange.
Jeht: Wouldn't that be perfect? You aren't fond of camping outside, but this place has walls, a ceiling, and even the research materials you want!
Jeht: Yeah, I, too, think that you're taking things a little too seriously, Tirzad.
Jeht: You might have left the desert long ago, and this might be my first time seeing it for myself, but I have this feeling that we are like grains of sand here in the desert.
Mirsad: (How I wish to go on an adventure somewhere far, far away...)
Mirsad: (I wanna have a bowl of soup tonight.)
Mirsad: Ah, I'm so jealous of you. Unlike us, who can only stand here staring at the sand, you can venture into the depths of the ruins to find out what's hidden in those big guys.
Mirsad: Every time I stumble upon an oasis, I can't help wondering who put this stretch of water here. It's almost as if they mean to provide a rest stop for adventurers.
Mirsad: How I wish I could travel to different places and meet different people, just like you.
Mirsad: I've always wanted to visit that cathedral in Mondstadt. My boss mentioned it several times, but I never had the chance...
Nachtigal: ("Tirzad"... I'd better think of another name.)
Nachtigal: (Best do a count...)
Nachtigal: *sigh* If only I had a glass of Dandelion Wine right now. Praise be to the oasis!
Nachtigal: A gem on golden satin...
Nachtigal: But I don't think it really likes its name. It shakes fur all over Bonifaz whenever he calls it Dandelion...
Nachtigal: But we're still here with the northern wind at our backs. We don't regret our choice at all. Seeing the boundless world unfold before our eyes fills us with a sense of freedom.
Nachtigal: Could it be that it's just not fond of names from Mondstadt? Would it prefer a name from Sumeru? Something like Tirzad...?
Nachtigal: Gladly.
Nachtigal: I mean, just look at Bonifaz and I. We weren't born as traveling merchants, and no one in our families has even been to Sumeru...
Nachtigal: I think you're being too stubborn. There's always a choice in life.
Nachtigal: Let's take this opportunity to inspect our supplies... We've gotta use the Dusk Bird to send Bonifaz a letter and tell him we're safe now.
Nachtigal: Speaking of "Dandelion," that's also the name of one of our Sumpter Beasts. We named it so because its fur is more fluffy than others, and it sheds so much fur...
O stars high above the wasteland;O nightingales weary from the day;It's time to take off the crown of roses;Cleanse yourself with wine made from grapes.Sleep, close your eyes;Yon golden slumber summons thee, wandering sand;Drink not that bitter salt water;For the sorrows of tomorrow have gone away.
Omid: (I shouldn't have come...)
Omid: (Selling Pita Pockets sounds like a nice trade...)
Omid: Ah, it's you. Are you leaving? Farewell then, and safe travels! Don't get yourself into a trap or something again!
Omid: And what should I sell? Wine or coffee?
Omid: Phew, finally got the chance to put my feet up. I should really plan ahead for my next job now...
Omid: Where should I open my shop? Port Ormos or Sumeru City?
Paimon: (That was close! Paimon almost believed her too...)
Paimon: (Traveler) is impressive, but you should help out too, Tirzad!
Paimon: (Traveler), you ready? Let's go too!
Paimon: ...A hundred Benbens... T—That really would hurt.
Paimon: ...Researcher's intuition?
Paimon: Agh, this wind is so strong! Never mind the Primal Embers, we might just blown away too!
Paimon: Benben?
Paimon: But if we don't understand it... Paimon's curious! Paimon really wants to know what Benben is saying...
Paimon: C'mon, (Traveler), let's get moving!
Paimon: Exactly! Paimon can't figure out what you're arguing about, but if it's academic, there's always room for discussion, right? So, put your differences aside for now...
Paimon: Hey, Tirzad! Are you alright?
Paimon: Hmm, Benben's been milling around the door, but nothing's happening this time.
Paimon: Hmm... Is that really the case?
Paimon: Huh, looks like this path has come to an end...
Paimon: Huh? But you'll never know if you don't give it a try!
Paimon: Huh? Is that really necessary?
Paimon: Huh? This place is huge, and we've seen so much on the way here! Paimon's sure there's a lot to write about, right? Even if Paimon doesn't really know much about these things...
Paimon: It isn't anything important...
Paimon: Jebrael had a rather concerning look on his face. He should be at a vantage point that allows him to look far away. Let's go look for him!
Paimon: Jeht...
Paimon: Let's go check the other side out!
Paimon: Let's have a look at it. We might even discover a clue!
Paimon: Of course! (Traveler)'s a hero in Mondstadt!
Paimon: Oh! Paimon gets it! That's the ability to predict that there will be an ambush at the corner or a trap behind a door, right?
Paimon: Oh, (Traveler), do you remember how Benben somehow made the stone slate light up?
Paimon: Oh, c'mon... Why are you being so negative again?
Paimon: Paimon gets the feeling that Benben is much more useful than the stone slate... Or maybe we should ask this instead: Will this stone slate really be of any use?
Paimon: Paimon guesses that we'll have to light both sides up here too.
Paimon: Paimon never thought that there'd be such a place in the desert...
Paimon: Paimon wonders where it leads... But staying here won't change anything either, so let's continue, shall we?
Paimon: That's not appropriate! We're all traveling together... No, we're all companions on this expedition. Even if our opinions differ, we shouldn't fight over it, right?
Paimon: That's really...
Paimon: That's strange! What's a ship doing in here?
Paimon: That's true! Huh, guess Paimon's unknowingly accepted that Benben can speak as well... But can beeping really be considered speaking?
Paimon: This analogy sounds like a real stretch, y'know...
Paimon: Ugh... But neither Paimon nor (Traveler) are researchers...
Paimon: Uh, how did you know?
Paimon: Uh, there are many people? And... and something like a sun and an eye...?
Paimon: Uh... Well, (Traveler) does know nothing about research.
Paimon: Wait, is this like saying that there are ten tasty dishes in front of Paimon and that choosing one will make the other nine vanish? Oh no... If only there were ten Paimons to choose one each!
Paimon: We can only move when the wind dies down.
Paimon: Well... That is true...
Paimon: Well... To be honest, Paimon didn't sense or understand anything... (Traveler), did you?
Paimon: What? Really?
Paimon: Whoa! It's actually opening up!
Paimon: Whoa! Jeht, you understand it?
Paimon: Whoa! What's going on?!
Paimon: Why did you even ask if you already knew that, huh!?
Paimon: Woohoo! This door's already open! Maybe Jeht and the others found some way to get it open... Guess they're pretty reliable, eh?
Paimon: Wow, this side has lit up! Hmm... Do we need to get the other side to light up to open this door, then?
Paimon: Y'know what? Why don't we go back to the previous room?
Paimon: Yeah! (Traveler) is amazing too! You have nothing to worry about!
Paimon: Yeah, Paimon has no idea what Jeht's talking about...
Paimon: Yeah, even Benben can't open it.
Paimon: Yeah, so let's continue our investigation! Perhaps... Uh, perhaps we'll discover more clues, then we can see who is right and who is wrong, alright?
Paimon: ?
Stone Tablet: "The golden sandstorm and burning sun will exorcise the darkness on your behalf, guiding you who perished here and returning your spirit to the Orchard of Pairidaeza."
Tirzad: (I seriously doubt if it can pass the review.)
Tirzad: (I wish we could take a boat. Walking is so tiring...)
Tirzad: (The stone slate... the ruins... Benben? No, no, no, the slate, the slate!)
Tirzad: (Traveler), you'll take my side, won't you?
Tirzad: *sigh* Camping out in the desert is terrible.
Tirzad: *sigh* I guess Paimon has no talent for this.
Tirzad: *sigh* If only I had an iota of her courage...
Tirzad: ...Don't say things like that!
Tirzad: ...Jeht, you can make up stories about Benben talking to doors, but deciphering murals and the history of King Deshret's civilization is my area of expertise.
Tirzad: ...You're right. I should be more professional. But even if we're going to split up, I want (Traveler) to stay close to me!
Tirzad: A terrifying king who used absolute and supreme authority to keep all his subjects beneath him.
Tirzad: Ah! Yeah! That's it! That was my intention exactly!
Tirzad: Ahem! A paper must stand out to pass the review. Just imagine that you're pursuing your ideal partner. If you're no different from the other candidates, then how will you capture their heart?
Tirzad: Ahem! It's because my researcher's intuition tells me that we're about to make a breakthrough!
Tirzad: An archaeological expedition with no hope in sight. *sigh* Who cares about efficiency?
Tirzad: And there is... is this...
Tirzad: And what about you, (Traveler)? What do you see in this mural?
Tirzad: Anyway, before I collect enough material for my paper... Ahem, I mean, until I figure everything out... I shall not leave.
Tirzad: As for Jebrael and Jeht, uh... I guess it's a knowledge issue? No, it isn't something you should have knowledge about.
Tirzad: As for his subjects... They are insignificant. They dare not express any complaint. They are forced to submit.
Tirzad: But as things stand, I'm afraid I can't just do something else.
Tirzad: But even so, they couldn't escape destruction...
Tirzad: But how can you guarantee that? Wait, so you really do know something, don't you?
Tirzad: But what you've said does make sense. My consideration is lacking in that aspect. Well, if there's danger... I'll be counting on all of you to do the jobs I hired you for, then.
Tirzad: Come now, how can I be wrong? The theme of this mural fully conforms to the depictions of King Deshret in everything I've ever read.
Tirzad: Exactly! That's exactly what this mural symbolizes!
Tirzad: Exploring ruins has never been my forte! But if I'm given enough time... And pen and paper! Then such problems will be no problem at all!
Tirzad: Going back the way we came would be worse than putting a bean beneath my mattress. You may as well have me sleep atop a hundred Benbens! I'd never sleep again!
Tirzad: Great! As expected of my assistant! No mechanism or puzzle shall ever be your match!
Tirzad: Ha! You've hardly said more than a few words all this time, yet you're standing up for your daughter now? I may not be a match for you in a battle of strength, but I have (Traveler) by my side!
Tirzad: Haha! But isn't life made up of exactly that?
Tirzad: Haha, it's not that easy. I come from a family of academics, so I've been receiving training like this since I was a child.
Tirzad: Heh, even delusions should have limits. Are you trying to overturn all prior research? I don't think there's sufficient evidence for any of this nonsense.
Tirzad: Hey, now you're acting just like Jeht. That thing... Ahem, I mean Benben, can only prove its true worth when it becomes research material for me.
Tirzad: How should I explain this to a non-researcher...?
Tirzad: Huh... Even you can occasionally say some nice things, eh, Jeht?
Tirzad: Huh? Wait a minute! Did the door tell Benben all of that?
Tirzad: H—How will you make it up to me when that happens?!
Tirzad: I didn't expect Benben to be able to do that...
Tirzad: I mean, it's such a huge door after all. People used to walk here, huh? Hmm...
Tirzad: I never knew you had such a sharp tongue...
Tirzad: I think you need some lessons in mathematics, Jeht... I can introduce a teacher to you once we return.
Tirzad: I wonder if a paper can be written from Benben and Jeht's interactions... But which field would it belong to?
Tirzad: I'll have nothing to worry about with you around.
Tirzad: I'll have to head back and do some research on the geographical changes here to confirm my theory...
Tirzad: I've paid all of you very well too, so... If we do encounter danger, I'm counting on you to earn that pay!
Tirzad: Isn't that good news? At least that means no one's ahead of me. Even if they may have chosen the same subject, I got here first!
Tirzad: It is symmetrical... But this isn't a matter of style alone. It symbolizes a solid structure, a rule by force.
Tirzad: It's never too late to learn. You see, despite being well-read, I'm as clueless about this thing as you. I suppose I must continue improving myself.
Tirzad: It's quite safe around here, right? Ugh, I can finally relax.
Tirzad: Just like this desert. It's practically impossible for those who lack strength to find a single unoccupied oasis.
Tirzad: King Deshret's civilization fell due to tyranny, and this place is probably his mausoleum. I'd rather spend two weeks in the desert than spend a single night here!
Tirzad: Let me explain!
Tirzad: Let me put it like this: I want my paper to get approved by the Akademiya's review... It's like love!
Tirzad: Like how a farmer's son learns to farm, or a blacksmith's son learns to strike iron, while I'm not doing great and can't compare to the talented and established researchers of my family...
Tirzad: Me? Of course I am. I'm terrific! I've never felt better!
Tirzad: Moreover, I'm the only one with formal academic training. A layman has no right to speak on academic issues!
Tirzad: Neither of you are a researcher, so of course you don't understand. What we've witnessed this whole time can only be considered as proof for existing research, except Benben...
Tirzad: Now, I won't hear any buts. Everything I have said has been proven by prior research... and this mural will become part of Vahumana too.
Tirzad: Of course it will! It has to... I might lose my mind if it's of less use than Benben!
Tirzad: Of course not! The material we gathered yesterday isn't enough to write anything good. Forget submitting it to the Akademiya, just reading it at the square would get me ridiculed.
Tirzad: Of course not... Anyway, why would anyone sleep on ten mattresses?!
Tirzad: Of course, I'll be the one to write it.
Tirzad: Oh, I know. We should be fine if we stay close to (Traveler), right...?
Tirzad: Oh, of course.
Tirzad: Oh, right! It was the clues on the Stone Slate that led me here. How did I stray so far off my plan?
Tirzad: Oh? Then let's hear your "unique" insights.
Tirzad: O—Of course! This huge ruin is right before me. It must be the Khemenu Temple! As a researcher, I must go in and have a look, right?
Tirzad: Paimon, let me test you for a moment. What can you discern from this mural?
Tirzad: Pardon me, but while you are quite skilled, are you really that powerful?
Tirzad: Perhaps a river used to flow through here, but it dried up? Or perhaps... this boat was not made to be used by the living?
Tirzad: Right, Benben... What a strange thing...
Tirzad: Right. This place is huge and filled with doors. If we do this in front of every door, who knows how long it'll take us to finish...
Tirzad: Since Paimon and (Traveler) aren't from around here, it's understandable that you don't recognize its worth.
Tirzad: Stop that nonsense! Doors can't speak!
Tirzad: S—Slow down... My hangover isn't...
Tirzad: Ten years of hard work won't do anything for a layman. Just forget it!
Tirzad: The current situation is that I want to love it, but it seems to hold no interest toward me.
Tirzad: The sun and the eye symbolize King Deshret. Beneath him are the "seven pillars," so we call them, that hold up King Deshret's pyramid of authority.
Tirzad: Then we'll explore freely together!
Tirzad: There still hasn't been anything worth writing about... Would Benben come if I tried to take it back with me?
Tirzad: Ugh!
Tirzad: Ugh! This is infuriating! I shouldn't have discussed academics with a layman!
(Tirzad bumps into the mural, which slides to reveal a passageway)
Tirzad: Ugh, I'm exhausted. Moreover, besides Benben, we haven't made any other discoveries, and that makes my exhaustion all the worse for it.
Tirzad: Ugh... I shouldn't have made that example. Just forget what I said!
Tirzad: Uh, I don't want to admit it, but my life has been bland if compared to all of yours.
Tirzad: Uh, I guess I drank a little too much earlier. Why am I even telling you all of this? Well, just laugh if you want to.
Tirzad: Uh, I mean... Such an extraordinary thing might even be closely linked to King Deshret's civilization... If that's true, I can't turn a blind eye to it.
Tirzad: Uh...
Tirzad: Well, books have been my only companions since I can remember, and I've never had the chance to travel far. Actually, this is my first time traveling so far from home...
Tirzad: Well, the two of you are adventurers. Let's talk about you instead, Jeht. H—How can a young girl like you endure sleeping on the sand while dressed like that? I just can't figure it out for the life of me.
Tirzad: Well, you're right, Jebrael! A shortsighted researcher is bound to amount to nothing! Patience is a virtue!
Tirzad: Well...
Tirzad: Well... That is true.
Tirzad: What are all of you talking about? The researcher's intuition I mentioned is based on vast knowledge and careful observation. It's akin to a flash of genius!
Tirzad: What do you mean coveting? I'm doing legitimate research, approved by the Akademiya! Don't you dare compare me to Treasure Hoarders!
Tirzad: What if none of you do?
Tirzad: What? Together? I started this expedition, and I paid for it. All of you are employed by me.
Tirzad: What? What kind of crooked interpretation is that?
Tirzad: Whatever it is, it isn't my fault!
Tirzad: Who knows what the future holds...
Tirzad: Whoa! Haha! Bwahahahaha!
Tirzad: You... I—I almost believed you! If I had unknowingly included it in my paper, wouldn't everyone laugh at me once I publish it?
Tirzad: Y—You...
While Tirzad is resting, the rest set up a campsite.
You do as Jebrael says and carefully bury some supplies.
You hear Jebrael softly and casually singing a peaceful tune as you fall asleep. Maybe it's an old local song.
You tell them about your adventures in Mondstadt.