 Actually... I'm bad.
Paimon: Hey! Don't make that kind of joke!
Arapacati: You good. Arapacati knows.
Arapacati: Lots of winds bring lots of small seeds. They come to Vanarana with Nara. They say Nara (Traveler) is nice.
Paimon: Arama said something like that too! Speaking of which, seeds brought by winds... You mean like dandelion seeds?
 Or Windwheel Aster seeds?
 Or maybe pinecones?
 Did the winds bring the seeds of those stories...?
Paimon: ?
 But that's Aranara's food...
Paimon: Delicious food is the common language of all living creatures! It'll be fine!
 Can't wait!
 Did the winds bring the seeds of those stories...?
Paimon: ?
 Hello.
 I know what that feels like...
Arapacati: Nara (Traveler) understands how I feel?
Paimon: Yeah, (Traveler) has a lost (sister/brother) too...
Arapacati: Oh. Nara (Traveler), is your (sister/brother) also doing cooking training?
Paimon: Huh? Paimon thinks there's been a misunderstanding... Missing means you don't know where something has gone!
 It means you don't know where they are.
 Leave it to us.
 Or Windwheel Aster seeds?
 Or maybe pinecones?
 Quest DescriptionSomething is bothering Arapacati lately...
 Sounds like something Paimon would be interested in...
 Sure.
 Yeah, yeah, let's go.
Arama: Arapacati looks strange. Is anything troubling you?
Arama: Arapacati not afraid. Nara (Traveler) is good Nara, just like the Nara in the stories. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon have helped us a lot.
Arama: Good luck, Nara (Traveler)! Good luck, Paimon!
Arama: I haven't seen Arachatora, Arasaka, Arapas, and Araphala in Vanarana for a very long time either. Never seen them after that incident.
Arama: It happened in the last Festival Utsava. Nara made lots of food for Aranara to try.
Arama: Nara (Traveler) is going to help Arana to form a Bija. So, we will prepare for Festival Utsava together.
Arama: Ooh! So Nara seeds are called Missing? Amazing!
Arama: Paimon, don't say that about Aranara names. You're gonna make the Aranara sad.
Arama: They used to do cooking training in Vanarana. But they made lots of smoke, so Arapacati kicked them out.
Arama: ?
Arapacati: ...So difficult to talk to Nara, and they are so tall.
Arapacati: Arachatora, Arasaka, Arapas, and Araphala.
Arapacati: Arapacati not scared. Brothers are very brave, so they definitely not scared too.
Arapacati: Arapacati's big brothers have not returned to Vanarana. We siblings can't celebrate Festival Utsava together if they don't return...
Arapacati: But Aranara are spirits of the forest. So, we can recover and regain our senses by absorbing the power of Dendro.
Arapacati: Eek! It's Nara (Traveler)...
Arapacati: Everyone was so scared then. Some Aranara even hibernated. Luckily, Arama was brave and punished the smoke. Arapacati was furious and made them leave.
Arapacati: In the past, they created lots and lots of smoke. Filled all of Vanarana with smoke. They were afraid too and ran around everywhere. Sometimes they also became like that if they touched strange mushrooms.
Arapacati: Lots of winds bring lots of small seeds. They come to Vanarana with Nara. They say Nara (Traveler) is nice.
Arapacati: Many, many moons ago, when the seedlings had just sprouted. But now they are already big trees, big enough to keep the rain off Aranara! It's seven Arapacatis tall!
Arapacati: Missing? Is that a type of seed?
Arapacati: Nara (Traveler) understands how I feel?
Arapacati: Nara are amazing! Nara (Traveler) must have many Missings.
Arapacati: Oh! If it isn't the Golden Nara! Alas...
Arapacati: Oh, Festival Utsava...
Arapacati: Oh, not that. Arapacati knows big brothers not missing. They go for training outside Vanarana for a long, long time. Cooking training.
Arapacati: Oh, right. One more thing. If my brothers are acting strange, go splat them with the power of Dendro.
Arapacati: Oh. Nara (Traveler), is your (sister/brother) also doing cooking training?
Arapacati: Okay, Arapacati not afraid. Arapacati trusts Arama, and the grass, leaves, and seeds. All say you're a good Nara. Hello, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Arapacati: So, to make food for Nara in return in this Festival Utsava, Arachatora and the others have been taking cooking training.
Arapacati: So, you should be able to find them in the forest by looking for the rising pillars of smoke, I think.
Arapacati: The magnificent Festival Utsava is about to begin. Arapacati has lots to prepare. No time to search for them.
Arapacati: They left Vanarana for cooking training to prepare for Festival Utsava. But they don't know Festival Utsava is about to start! Arachatora, Arasaka, Arapas, and Araphala stupid.
Arapacati: Yes. Did I make a mistake?
Arapacati: You good. Arapacati knows.
Arapacati: You should find them if you move towards the pillars of smoke. If they are acting strange, go splat them with the power of Dendro.
Arapacati: ?
Paimon: ...Aaaanyway, let's go!
Paimon: A very long time... How long is that?
Paimon: Arama said something like that too! Speaking of which, seeds brought by winds... You mean like dandelion seeds?
Paimon: But Arapacati, since you know where they are, why don't you search for them yourself?
Paimon: But how will we find Arachatora, Ara... What were the other names again?
Paimon: Delicious food is the common language of all living creatures! It'll be fine!
Paimon: From seedlings to trees! Wow! That's a really long time! Are your brothers missing, Arapacati?
Paimon: Hello, Arapacati!
Paimon: Hey! Don't make that kind of joke!
Paimon: Hmm! Paimon is more interested in (Traveler)'s cooking training!
Paimon: Huh? Paimon thinks there's been a misunderstanding... Missing means you don't know where something has gone!
Paimon: Oh, cooking training. Paimon gets it...
Paimon: Okay, okay. So, how do we find them?
Paimon: Paimon can't wait any longer for this Festival Utsava!
Paimon: Paimon gets it now. By that logic, (Traveler) recovers after eating Sweet Madame, so (Traveler) must be a Sweet Madame spirit. Yes! This makes perfect sense.
Paimon: So you kicked them out!
Paimon: So, what is this cooking training exactly...
Paimon: Then leave it to us! We'll be going with Arama to find the Aranara in the forest and prepare for Festival Utsava anyway. Isn't that right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Ugh! Arana, Arama, Araja, Arapacati... Aranara names are so hard to remember!
Paimon: Uh, not really... Anyway, (Traveler), let's get going!
Paimon: Uh, that's not what we mean...
Paimon: Yeah, (Traveler) has a lost (sister/brother) too...
Paimon: ?
 ?
Arama: ?
Arapacati: ?
Paimon: ...Aaaanyway, let's go!