
Paimon: Can this water be consumed? Will it have any special effects?

Paimon: Speaking of which, Paimon ate the soup Arapas made earlier. That was made with the water from here, right?
Paimon: His soup doesn't have a special effect, right...
 "Gales and high water" means that a person has been through a lot.
 About the children of Vimara Village...
 But where will those who share the taste be then...?
 Couldn't be me, right?
Paimon: If that's the case...
Paimon: Hah, "Good baby (Traveler), Paimon's here to take care of you! C'mere, let Paimon give you some hugsy-wugsies!"
 Guess we can only get in from above.
Paimon: Well, Paimon can fly, but you sure can't!
 I can breathe freely now.
 I feel like something's missing...
 I hope to see you at Festival Utsava.
 If there really were ten more of them, I'd just leave it to Paimon.
Paimon: Huh? Come on. No way!
 It might let you live forever.
Paimon: Wow, it might be possible to live long enough to eat every dish in Teyvat that way!
 But where will those who share the taste be then...?
Paimon: Hmm... Guess living too long is not entirely a good thing, huh...
 It was no trouble.
 It'd be you, baby Paimon.
Paimon: If Paimon gets any younger than she is now...
 You'd become like a Cicin.
Paimon: Oh come on, Paimon won't become that small!
 Just treat it as a warm-up.
Paimon: Paimon knew you wouldn't be scared of the Fungi, (Traveler). Hehe...
 Let's hurry and clear the spores away.
 Looks like somebody hasn't learned their lesson.
 Maybe it reverses aging.
Paimon: Huh? Would that happen to you, or Paimon?
 It'd be you, baby Paimon.
Paimon: If Paimon gets any younger than she is now...
 You'd become like a Cicin.
Paimon: Oh come on, Paimon won't become that small!
 Couldn't be me, right?
Paimon: If that's the case...
Paimon: Hah, "Good baby (Traveler), Paimon's here to take care of you! C'mere, let Paimon give you some hugsy-wugsies!"
 Maybe we can dig a tunnel to it from the side...
Paimon: What kind of solution is that? ... Wait. It might be worth a try...
 Not at all.
Paimon: That can't be! You should've put more effort into feeling Paimon's sincerity... It was definitely there, you know!
 Paimon is amazing!
Paimon: You're amazing too. Hehe, we're both amazing!
 Quest DescriptionThe "branches and leaves" of the Varuna Contraption that were scattered in Vana were all healed. In Arapandu's words, it's time to get rid of the bad bugs gnawing on the roots of the Varuna Contraption...
 Same old Arabalika.
 So we're taking this thing head-on, then.
Paimon: Paimon's heard that some people train by sitting under a waterfall and absorbing its impact... But we'll surely be swept away if we just rush in!
 So you can also control the Varuna Contraption from other parts of Vana.
 Step DescriptionThe angry Fungus is going on a rampage. It must be the "bad bug" that the Aranara mentioned. Defeat the Fungus to move on.
 Step DescriptionThe place is filled with spores and seems to have become the Fungi's lair. Clear the spores that are covering the Varuna Contraption.
 That doesn't look like an entrance.
Paimon: That's right!
 We can't get in! There's no way to get in!
Paimon: Hey!
 Well, it's not so much of a coincidence...
Paimon: Ah, true. It was really difficult to find the Grove of Dreams...
 Yes, I did.
Paimon: Hehe, see? We're one heart and one mind!
 You'd become like a Cicin.
 You'll grow strong and bear fruit quickly, Paimon.
(Traveler): (Arakunti seems to be fully immersed in the music)
Arabalika: ...
Arabalika: Arabalika will not do such things.
Arabalika: But Marana is still here. Aranara have a lot to do.
Arabalika: Hmph.
Arabalika: Nara (Traveler)! Let Arabalika help you!
Arabalika: Nara (Traveler). Do not be as careless as Paimon.
Arabalika: No sense of urgency. Paimon is careless. Will get into trouble.
Arabalika: Nothing to fear. Arabalika is around.
Arabalika: Toughen up, Aranakula. Do not back down. We are already here. We solve the problem, whether it be spores or Fungi. This is all for Vana.
Arabalika: Why, that mushroom!
Arabalika: Why? We can just make it stop.
Arakunti: Arabalika won't come to see Paimon so often. But will bring mushrooms. Cook for her.
Arakunti: Arakunti understands now. Paimon's words are difficult to understand.
Arakunti: Arakunti will play music to Paimon and tell her things about Vana that she doesn't know.
Arakunti: Golden Nara! Heeey ♪
Arakunti: Mushrooms yummy! Hey hey ♪
Arakunti: Not a drop of effort!
Arakunti: Paimon is not very smart. The Varuna Contraption gets power from all over Vana...
Arakunti: Paimon, you should also cheer for Nara (Traveler)!
Arakunti: The Varuna Contraption must be very sad to be covered by spores like this.
Arakunti: There shouldn't be any great winds down there. Water, maybe, but no big waves.
Aranakula: Aranakula is not powerful, but will try to help you!
Aranakula: Aranakula knows... Nara (Traveler) and Paimon have other missions and will leave Vana, like other Nara...
Aranakula: But if you plant seeds, they will soon grow into beautiful flowers...
Aranakula: Everyone was doing their best to fight the bad guys earlier. And then there was Paimon...
Aranakula: If Paimon becomes a seed, Aranakula will take good care of her, water her properly, and put her in a sunny place and loosen the soil for her.
Aranakula: Is Nara (Traveler) going to take care of the nursery with Aranakula? There is nothing there yet...
Aranakula: It must've been left by the bad guys... Ugh... The bad guys could be close by...
Aranakula: N—Nara (Traveler)! It's going the other way... Catch up with it!
Aranakula: So Paimon wants water...
Aranakula: The nurseries will be revived too, right...?
Aranara: Nara (Traveler)! We are in this together!
Arankunti: Careful, Golden Nara! We do not know what waits for us.
Arapandu: About the Varuna Contraption... Nara (Traveler), now you know that Aranara music can control the contraption.
Arapandu: After that, the bad guys may leave, or they may not. But the Varuna Contraption has already been healed, and there won't be so many spores anymore. Aranara will not let the bad guys destroy Vana.
Arapandu: Anyway, Arapandu thanks Nara (Traveler) and Paimon for helping Aranara so much. Now it's Aranara's turn.
Arapandu: Aranara are not too late... but bad seeds grow faster than good seeds. Oh, Nara (Traveler), please clear the bad seeds away...
Arapandu: Arapandu is willing to teach you the music to control the Varuna Contraption.
Arapandu: Arapandu will look for answers about Vimara Village too. Please be patient.
Arapandu: Arapandu will return to Vanarana later. Perhaps the answer will emerge then.
Arapandu: Bad guy! Arapandu won't let you run away again!
Arapandu: But we must be careful on the road ahead. It is dark and sunless underground. The place where seeds used to sleep peacefully has likely become the lair of the Fungi.
Arapandu: It couldn't before, but thanks to Nara (Traveler) and Paimon's help, the power of the Varuna Contraption has been partially restored. Now, Aranara can make it stop.
Arapandu: It must see this place as its lair. The Varuna Contraption will go out of control if we don't get rid of it!
Arapandu: It's a manifestation of the power of the Varuna Contraption. When it displays its power, it will be taller than the tallest tree in Vana. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon saw it before.
Arapandu: It's running over there! Arapandu feels it... It has already used up lots of its energy. Just a little more!
Arapandu: It's the Rain's End.
Arapandu: Let's go down together, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Arapandu: Nara (Traveler) and Paimon are Aranara's friends. Aranara do not have great power, but if you are in danger, Aranara will try to protect you.
Arapandu: Nara (Traveler)! The bad guy is running that way. We can't lose its trail!
Arapandu: Nara (Traveler), Paimon, let's go together. The green branches have bloomed. It's almost time to bear fruit.
Arapandu: Nara (Traveler), Paimon, thank you for your help. Vana will never forget this, and neither will Aranara...
Arapandu: Nara (Traveler), and Paimon, thank you for helping Aranara. Arapandu senses that the branches blocking the stream in various places have been removed.
Arapandu: Nara (Traveler), like Nara Varuna, has been proven to be worthy of Aranara's friendship.
Arapandu: Nara (Traveler), thank you for your bravery. The bad bugs gnawing on the roots of the Varuna Contraption have been cleared away.
Arapandu: Nara and Paimon won't stay in Vana like Aranara do. Aranakula knows this.
Arapandu: So... we can't let the bad bugs take this place.
Arapandu: Soon, but not yet. The root system is deep underground, and the entrance is in the center of the Varunastra.
Arapandu: Strange things about Vimara Village... Arapandu doesn't know now, but Arapandu will make a note of it. Other Aranara might know.
Arapandu: The Varuna Contraption is a creation of the Lord of Dendro. It sends forth water that brings life, turning Valuka into Vana, replacing that which was once yellow with green, and turning barren land into a land full of life.
Arapandu: The bad bugs plaguing the Varuna Contraption have been removed! Finally!
Arapandu: The branches scattered all over Vana are also sending us their power. Now Aranara can heal the Varuna Contraption.
Arapandu: The spores are covering the Varuna Contraption...
Arapandu: There is no rain here, and yet it's the birthplace of rain. The rains that purify Vana begin — and end — here.
Arapandu: We have to complete the Aranara mission now and stop the Varuna Contraption in order to go down and remove those bad bugs and heal the machine.
(The vines shrink to create an opening)
Arapandu: We will meet again in Vanarana. May you have a carefree time, Golden Nara, and may Aramuhukunda watch over you.
(Quest ends)
Paimon: (Traveler), let's hurry down once you're ready!
Paimon: *sigh*... Paimon doesn't know what will satisfy him.
Paimon: ..."The Rain's End"? What a weird name.
Paimon: ...It's even scarier when you think that these words are coming from these sweet-looking Aranara!
Paimon: Ah! It's running away!
Paimon: Ah, true. It was really difficult to find the Grove of Dreams...
Paimon: And there are so many spores! Just seeing them is unbearable enough...
Paimon: Anyway, Fungi aren't scary at all! If this really is their lair... we'll have all-you-can-eat mushrooms for dinner tonight!
Paimon: But that water pillar was flowing backwards... Let's go ask Arapandu what to do next.
Paimon: Can this water be consumed? Will it have any special effects?
Paimon: Come on, that's Aranara trivia! You can't expect us to recall all that!
Paimon: Do you mean that place from which water jets out occasionally? Are we seriously going through the center of that thing!?
Paimon: Eek! Where did this guy come from? It's huge! And it looks really strong!
Paimon: Eh, you're so strict, Arabalika. We've finished one thing, haven't we? Just let Aranakula be happy for a bit!
Paimon: Great! But will we really have to go so deep underground every time we play...
Paimon: Hah, "Good baby (Traveler), Paimon's here to take care of you! C'mere, let Paimon give you some hugsy-wugsies!"
Paimon: Hehe, peace returns to the Ashavan Realm! Paimon doesn't know about those Fungi in the forest though...
Paimon: Hehe, see? We're one heart and one mind!
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: Hey! Don't you start saying that scary stuff too!
Paimon: His soup doesn't have a special effect, right...
Paimon: Hm... So you're still taking our words at face value, huh, Arakunti...
Paimon: Hmm, that's true! Look at this giant, empty hole... Well, at least it's not a hole in our hearts.
Paimon: Hmm. (Traveler), you've studied Aranara music before as well, right? Does that mean that we can control the Varuna Contraption too?
Paimon: Hmm... Guess living too long is not entirely a good thing, huh...
Paimon: Hooray! We'll be able to say goodbye to those nose-tickling spores soon!
(Roots grow and the Varuna Contraption appears)
Paimon: Huh? Come on. No way!
Paimon: Huh? This place seems a little familiar... Have we circled back?
Paimon: Huh? Would that happen to you, or Paimon?
Paimon: If Paimon gets any younger than she is now...
Paimon: If that's the case...
Paimon: Is it angry because we cleared the spores away? Watch out, (Traveler)!
Paimon: It can stop!?
Paimon: It sounds miraculous. "Water that brings life"... Wow...
Paimon: It's about the odd things that have happened in Vimara Village to the east. The children living there sometimes disappear for a period of time, but will always return safely...
Paimon: It's even more impressive when you see it up close...
Paimon: Oh come on, Paimon won't become that small!
Paimon: Oh right, (Traveler). Wasn't there something else we wanted to ask Arapandu?
Paimon: Oh! So we can go and heal the Varuna Contraption now, right?
Paimon: Oh, Paimon's heard that one before. Paimon's not careless! Paimon's always careful!
Paimon: Ooh, that sure sounds like such a cozy life! ...Wait! Paimon won't turn into a seed! What is this, some kind of scary forest that you can't leave once you enter!?
Paimon: O—oh! (Traveler)! Come on! You're so close! Don't lose to today's dinner!
Paimon: Paimon knew you wouldn't be scared of the Fungi, (Traveler). Hehe...
Paimon: Paimon thinks we're safe... for now?
Paimon: Paimon told you, the Fungi are nothing! Paimon wouldn't be scared even if there were ten more of them! Heh!
Paimon: Paimon would say the same to you!
Paimon: Paimon's heard that some people train by sitting under a waterfall and absorbing its impact... But we'll surely be swept away if we just rush in!
Paimon: Paimon's sure that you Aranara know more about the forest than we do. It would be great if you do know something.
Paimon: Running away again? Is there no end to this!?
Paimon: Speaking of which, Paimon ate the soup Arapas made earlier. That was made with the water from here, right?
Paimon: That can't be! You should've put more effort into feeling Paimon's sincerity... It was definitely there, you know!
Paimon: That's not true! P—Paimon gave it her all to cheer for (Traveler)! C'mon, (Traveler), you felt Paimon's sincerity, didn't you!?
Paimon: That's right!
Paimon: The Varunastra... You've mentioned that before, haven't you, Arapandu?
Paimon: The entrance to the underground... It's opened up!
Paimon: The water jet is so high, and it looks really powerful too... Paimon can't figure out how we're going to get into its center...
Paimon: This is a long way... What's the place down there?
Paimon: Th—This is much deeper than the Ruins of Dahri... Paimon didn't expect this place to be so deep underground.
Paimon: We've been through gales and high water! This won't scare us.
Paimon: We've gone to the places Arapandu mentioned. We should be able to get close to the Varuna Contraption now.
Paimon: Well, Paimon can fly, but you sure can't!
Paimon: What if it activates just as we go in...?
Paimon: What kind of solution is that? ... Wait. It might be worth a try...
Paimon: Wow! The air is much cleaner now!
Paimon: Wow, it might be possible to live long enough to eat every dish in Teyvat that way!
Paimon: Wow, we did such an amazing thing by coincidence!
Paimon: W—We did it!
Paimon: Yes... Being covered by spores... Just the thought of it is kinda scary...
Paimon: Yikes! What kind of despicable mushroom is this? Is it trying to slow us down with these Fungi?
Paimon: You're amazing too. Hehe, we're both amazing!
Paimon: Yup! We'll handle this just like when we cleaned the Yasna Monument up, eh?
You master the Rhythm of the Source Water.