
Employer's Orders
Find and secure a small plant-shaped creature known as the "Aranara" and bring it back to the Academia in perfect shape. The meeting point will be decided when the time comes. This life-form may not be visible to the naked eye. If possible, please ask young children to talk to it, and use the opportunity to catch it. Protect it, if necessary.
Please protect this dried flower. It may be the key to communicating with the creature know as the 'Aranara.'
You may grumble that this is ridiculous and boring. But before you do that, please think about completing a commission that Agha Farrokh's daughter has personally entrusted to you...
...And of the rewards and reputation you'll gain from completing it.
— Siman Farrokhzad
 How can you tell if someone's bad?
 Of course, here.
 Quest DescriptionYou helped Aragaru defeat The Eremites in Chatrakam Cave. Their goal, however, seems to be related to a friendship that Aragaru has forgotten...
 Sure thing. I'm (Traveler).
 We chased the bad guys away for you.
 We're not bad guys.
...And of the rewards and reputation you'll gain from completing it.
Aragaru brought the little dried flower to Mawtiyima Forest...
Aragaru: Again...? Uh... Ahem, I'm Aragaru!
Aragaru: Ah, right! The bad Nara set up a campsite. Let's see what they left there. Maybe we could know their plans!
Aragaru: Eh...! This flower, can I have it?
Aragaru: Golden Nara and White Floaty, you are here again!
Aragaru: Hmph... You're right... So, Golden Nara and White Floaty who don't look like bad guys, could you do me a favor?
Aragaru: How is it? Did you find anything?
Aragaru: Is that so...? I can't remember, but I somehow want to believe you... And you have the flower I gave, I can feel her.
Aragaru: Let's go to the bad Nara's campsite and find out what they're up to!
Aragaru: No need to worry, I have seen the flower before... The person, I should know... Please give it to me, okay?
Aragaru: Thank you! Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty!
Aragaru: Well, I can't really explain it, but Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty are not baddies for sure! I believe that!
Employer's Orders
Find and secure a small plant-shaped creature known as the "Aranara" and bring it back to the Academia in perfect shape. The meeting point will be decided when the time comes. This life-form may not be visible to the naked eye. If possible, please ask young children to talk to it, and use the opportunity to catch it. Protect it, if necessary.
Paimon: And Paimon is Paimon, don't forget that again!
Paimon: Eh? The Eremites! What are they doing here?
Paimon: Gah! We've got to go teach them a lesson!
Paimon: Hmm... Nothing but vague orders, and this! A dried flower!
Paimon: Huh. So there's someone behind these bad guys...
Paimon: Huh? What's this? A letter? Let's take a careful look!
Paimon: Mmm... Nope, nothing here but a bunch of supplies.
Paimon: Nope, nothing's here... But why have they made camp here?
Paimon: That's from the bad guys, aren't you afraid of getting poisoned... or something like that?
Paimon: There must be more of them here... Are they here for the Aranara?
Paimon: We have been here with you, but you forgot it all... Ugh, too much explanation! (Traveler), why don't we do that together?
Paimon: Whoa! Say hello before jumping out next time! You scared Paimon again!
Please protect this dried flower. It may be the key to communicating with the creature know as the 'Aranara.'
The Farrokhzadan: Ah, it's you. Greetings from Lunja!
You describe your adventure with Aragaru in detail.
You may grumble that this is ridiculous and boring. But before you do that, please think about completing a commission that Agha Farrokh's daughter has personally entrusted to you...
— Siman Farrokhzad