 *sigh*
 ...
 About the plants...
Khayyam: I never thought soil that had been tainted by Marana could ever provide nourishment for plants again.
 About those "imaginary friends"...
Khayyam: Dismissing the unique lifeforms that kids call Aranara as "imaginary friends" is undoubtedly incorrect.
Khayyam: Since the Akademiya sensors couldn't detect them either, only young kids could prove that they exist.
Khayyam: Hence, Amurta has classified them as "unidentified lifeforms."
 About validating your guess...
Khayyam: Haha, that happened 60 years ago... Lower your expectations, an old man like me might not remember it well. But I am convinced that the disappearance of The Withering is related to that specific matter...
Khayyam: Therefore, I am entering this cave to collect some samples to prove my guess.
 And Paimon seems to know what to say all of a sudden!
Paimon: Hey! What's that supposed to mean?
 Aranara...
 But he invited us.
Paimon: Hmm... That's right. Let's visit Aranaga sometime, shall we?
 Did you and your friends make all this...?
Khayyam: No, not all of these. We promised that we will lead the Reconquest Army to take back the castle... Hehe.
Khayyam: I grew up to be a botanical researcher in the Akademiya, and I happened to return here for some reconstruction. I visited multiple times, bringing and taking away plenty of rubbish here.
 Do you need our help?
Khayyam: Haha... Many thanks to you, my helpful children. I am physically old, but still mentally capable. Don't underestimate me.
Khayyam: After all, I know how to please the forest, so that it won't hurt me.
 Have you seen Aranara, too?
 Here.
 Is this where you played house in childhood?
Khayyam: No, this is our secret world — I'm serious about it. We made a promise together, saying that we will never forget each other, and will lead the Reconquest Army to take back the castle...
 It's a long story...
 Just call me (Traveler).
 Khaaa... Yyaaa... Mmm...
Khayyam: Haha, nice! You did much better than the white little thing! See? I said I could teach phonetics!
 Marana?
 Paimon, shush!
 Paimon...!
 Quest DescriptionYou meet an old man named Khayyam in the forest. He seems to share a past with Aranara. It should do no harm to respond to his request for help...
 That's not unexpected...
 The Withering?
 They might have forgotten me.
Khayyam: ...
 They might have forgotten you.
 This is hard to explain...
Paimon: Even if you have forgotten many things, you should know that we don't mean any harm! We're always on your side, and we'll always help Mawtiyima!
Aranaga: Mawtiyima... You know?
 This is...
 Uh...
 We have something for you!
 We're friends.
Aranaga: Friends...?
 What are you doing here, Khayyam?
Khayyam: Hmm... Your pronunciation was too fast, too rapid. But it's fine... Slowing it down would be all you need.
 What's the matter, Mr. Khayyam?
 Yay!
Paimon: Paimon's not sure what you mean, but yay!
 Yeah, he left.
Paimon: Well, Aranaga invited us to his garden, though... That means he didn't refuse to be friends with us, right? Let's pay him a visit sometime!
 You talk too much, Paimon!
???: Haha, interesting... That's really curious. It's reviving, the forest is... reviving...
???: Hmm...hmm? Rost...? Ah, are you talking to me? Haha, lost, is that what you said? No, no, I'm not lost...
Aranaga leaves with the flower.
Aranaga: ...
Aranaga: But please don't stay, here. Leave soon. Still recovering, the forest... So, no staying here, new guests.
Aranaga: But, thank you. My garden, if remember. Please come.
Aranaga: Don't understand, don't remember...
Aranaga: Friends...?
Aranaga: Give me.
Aranaga: Hmph, don't look like bad guys, you.
Aranaga: Know my name, you two. But has never seen you here before, Aranaga.
Aranaga: Mawtiyima... You know?
Aranaga: Really... are friends with me? Very important flower, why here, with you?
Aranaga: So... why come here?
Aranaga: Something, for me?
Aranaga: Very important flower, will plant, Aranaga.
Aranaga: Why come here, you two?
Khayyam: "Iram indeed is gone with all its Rose, and Jamshyd's Sev'n-ring'd Cup where no one Knows."
Khayyam: ...
Khayyam: After all, I know how to please the forest, so that it won't hurt me.
Khayyam: After that, even Marana had come, but the Reconquest Army never showed up. Hehe, that's understandable... How could those childish promises stand up against death itself?
Khayyam: Ah... Ahem, my apologies, children. I... I was carried away.
Khayyam: All in all, thanks for your companionship.
Khayyam: An ancient word in the dialect of my hometown, which means "brave young ones."
Khayyam: Aranara, right? So you have also seen them...
Khayyam: Back then, Irfan was the great musician, Siman was the supreme commander, and I was the astrology scholar. We switched our roles sometimes, you know... Children would play something different after getting bored.
Khayyam: But I am not giving up. Take this to them, children... Before the day you can never meet, before the possibility of a miracle fades.
Khayyam: Dismissing the unique lifeforms that kids call Aranara as "imaginary friends" is undoubtedly incorrect.
Khayyam: Good day, kids. I am Giyath Khayyam, an Amurta Dastur, haha... Just call me Khayyam.
Khayyam: Ha! Here! Look at this!
Khayyam: Haha! Here returns Scholar Omar! He came with the celestial secrets! Irfan, Siman, where are you! Aren't you bidding a welcome to me?
Khayyam: Haha, Mawtiyima you old pal! Still active, aren't you?
Khayyam: Haha, nice! You did much better than the white little thing! See? I said I could teach phonetics!
Khayyam: Haha, that happened 60 years ago... Lower your expectations, an old man like me might not remember it well. But I am convinced that the disappearance of The Withering is related to that specific matter...
Khayyam: Haha, that is nothing for me...
Khayyam: Haha, this is excellent... These samples might really help my research on the secrets and weaknesses of The Withering...
Khayyam: Haha... I almost forgot, I asked you to help me sample these newly-grown plants, not for chit-chat.
Khayyam: Haha... I've been studying the forest for almost 30 years, so don't underestimate this old man's stamina! Just go on ahead, I'll catch up real soon.
Khayyam: Haha... Many thanks to you, my helpful children. I am physically old, but still mentally capable. Don't underestimate me.
Khayyam: Hehe, 20 years have passed, and they might have forgotten our promise... It became my own research campsite in the forest, which was kept in operation till 30 years ago.
Khayyam: Hehe, it could be.
Khayyam: Hehe, please pardon me... But I haven't asked for your names.
Khayyam: Hehe... I knew it, our encounter is by no means coincidental... I never believe in chances.
Khayyam: Hence, Amurta has classified them as "unidentified lifeforms."
Khayyam: Here, here it is! Let's collect the samples right here! Pick some, but be careful!
Khayyam: Hmm, wait... What did you just say? What was that in the cave?
Khayyam: Hmm... On second thought, maybe I do need your help.
Khayyam: Hmm... These should be enough. Thanks for coming all the way here with me. Since we have done everything planned, we should go now.
Khayyam: Hmm... Your pronunciation was too fast, too rapid. But it's fine... Slowing it down would be all you need.
Khayyam: However, The Withering nearby disappeared lately. The plants that were once gone started growing again, and the reproduction of Shroom-Kin was somehow restrained.
Khayyam: I am focusing my investigation mainly on three sites. Haha, I hope my memories of 30 years ago haven't totally faded... I should be able to identify the locations.
Khayyam: I can't see them, either... I can't even believe in their existence. Maybe... they are just my childhood fantasies...
Khayyam: I grew up to be a botanical researcher in the Akademiya, and I happened to return here for some reconstruction. I visited multiple times, bringing and taking away plenty of rubbish here.
Khayyam: I haven't seen anything like this since 60 years ago... So I came here for the purpose of validating my amateur guess.
Khayyam: I never thought soil that had been tainted by Marana could ever provide nourishment for plants again.
Khayyam: I'm trusting this flower with you. Please, take it to our friends in common.
Khayyam: Interesting... The plants here seem to be... reviving. So Mawtiyima is back in effect... Magical.
Khayyam: Irfan and Siman, they are friends of mine. We built the castle together, the three of us together.
Khayyam: Irfan was talented in music; Siman was tall and strong, beyond comparison; and me? Haha, I was just an avid reader born in a family with a little extra Mora.
Khayyam: Look, look here... The plants are thriving! It seems that the soil devastated by Marana could still nourish lively plants!
Khayyam: Lose heart? No way. The childhood memories, shared "imaginary friends," and the world closed to adults. It may be a pity, but... Time won't reverse itself.
Khayyam: More precisely, it means... "Young ones who never neglect gigantic evil, or ever back off from endless disparity."
Khayyam: No, not all of these. We promised that we will lead the Reconquest Army to take back the castle... Hehe.
Khayyam: No, not that, but even better! Look at it, our secret castle! Ha! What a mess it is now!
Khayyam: No, this is our secret world — I'm serious about it. We made a promise together, saying that we will never forget each other, and will lead the Reconquest Army to take back the castle...
Khayyam: No... Follow me, lower the tip of your tongue, and arch the middle of it... Khaaa. After that, round your mouth... Yyaaa. Finally, close your lips naturally... Mmm.
Khayyam: Oh, apologies, apologies. I did not mean to offend you... I meant this little thing.
Khayyam: Oh? You see yourselves like that? Haha, follow me then.
Khayyam: Old age always does this to me, blurring the present, and endearing the past, more and more... Hehe...
Khayyam: Paimon? Paimon... Haha, that's an interesting name... You are the first human... Or fairy I know with the name.
Khayyam: Please forgive this old man for talking too much nonsense. Let's continue.
Khayyam: Right, if you don't mind... This is hardly anything precious, but take it as a souvenir.
Khayyam: Since the Akademiya sensors couldn't detect them either, only young kids could prove that they exist.
Khayyam: Thank you both, Javans. It must've been hard, traveling with this old man.
Khayyam: Thanks for your hard work, let us take the same route back... I have something for you.
Khayyam: That's right! Well done! Now, golden one, repeat that.
Khayyam: The forest was once deeply troubled by The Withering. In the past three decades, the plants were quickly decreasing in species and numbers, while the malicious Shroom-Kin kept growing...
Khayyam: The plants here are growing pretty nicely...
Khayyam: Therefore, I am entering this cave to collect some samples to prove my guess.
Khayyam: We should proceed to the next site.
Khayyam: Well, guess that's all for the chit-chat. Please follow me, Javans, it's time to get moving.
Khayyam: What am I doing? Hehe... I am a forest researcher. For us, the forest is our hometown. How could I be lost in my hometown, where I finally returned?
Khayyam: Yes. If I'm right... They must have gifted you the same thing, right?
Khayyam: You should have seen it before, this little dried flower.
Paimon: "Imaginary friends"... Do you mean Aranara?
Paimon: "Javans"...? What does that mean?
Paimon: ...
Paimon: And Paimon's Paimon! Paiii...monnn...!
Paimon: Aranaga just... left.
Paimon: But... Since you still remember them, they must be doing the same! Please don't lose your heart, Mr. Khayyam!
Paimon: Don't mention it, Mr. Khayyam! That's what we Javans should do!
Paimon: Eh... So Mr. Khayyam knows about Mawtiyima, too? Paimon thought only Aranara know that...
Paimon: Eh...? "Secret castle"?
Paimon: Eh? New plant? Why are you so excited?
Paimon: Ehh? Grandpa Khayyam, can you really keep up with us?
Paimon: Ehhh!
Paimon: Even if you have forgotten many things, you should know that we don't mean any harm! We're always on your side, and we'll always help Mawtiyima!
Paimon: Hehe, that's pretty much us!
Paimon: Hello, grandpa! Are you lost?
Paimon: Hey! What's that supposed to mean?
Paimon: Hey, wait!
Paimon: Hmm... Hello, Mr. Khayyam!
Paimon: Hmm... That's right. Let's visit Aranaga sometime, shall we?
Paimon: Huh...? Um... Y—Yes.
Paimon: Little thing! That's pretty offensive already!
Paimon: Mmhmm, Paimon told you so!
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Paimon gets it... But it's still dangerous there, even without any Marana in the cave.
Paimon: Paimon sees...
Paimon: Paimon's not sure what you mean, but yay!
Paimon: See? Remember? You gave us the same flower before!
Paimon: So, Mr. Khayyam... If you're not lost, what are you doing here?
Paimon: Sure, we can do that, but...
Paimon: Um... Khaaa... Yyaaa... Mmm...
Paimon: Well, Aranaga invited us to his garden, though... That means he didn't refuse to be friends with us, right? Let's pay him a visit sometime!
Paimon: Whaaat!?
Paimon: What about that? Rings a bell?
Paimon: Whoa!! Y—You scared Paimon!
Paimon: Wow, Mr. Khayyam seems to get younger all of a sudden!
Paimon: Wow... What is it? What is it?
Paimon: Yay! Rewards!
You explain all the adventures in detail to Aranaga, as well as how you saved Mawtiyima from The Withering.