 "We know everything you've done!"
 (Give the Dusk Bird feather to him...)
 (Give the Shroomboar meat to him...)
 Got it, got it!
 I have to admit...
 I'm (Traveler).
 Is it too late for us to flee from Sumeru?
Paimon: It can't be helped. We'll have to return another time for the parts of Sumeru we haven't explored yet.
Orhan: I can't just watch as you flee right in front of me, and the Corps of Thirty has surrounded the area to combat the recent rise in poaching!
 Nooo, I don't want to get locked up by the Corps of Thirty!
Orhan: ...Calm down. The Dusk Bird colony is quite huge, so Dusk Birds are not that rare. You didn't know what you were doing either, so it's not serious enough to get locked up for that.
 It's going to get to my head if you don't stop!
 Just a little later and it wouldn't have made a difference...
 Just surrender!
 Let's hope they serve balanced meals in prison...
Paimon: NOOOO! Paimon doesn't want to get locked up by the Corps of Thirty!
Orhan: ...It's not that serious. The Dusk Bird colony is quite huge, so Dusk Birds are not that rare. You didn't know what you were doing either, so it's not serious enough to get locked up for that.
 No problem.
 Nobody cares!
 Nooo, I don't want to get locked up by the Corps of Thirty!
 Quest DescriptionYou bumped into a Forest Ranger, Shefket, who's carrying out ecological research in Sumeru's forests, and he told you about his Dusk Bird research. Can he really capture a Dusk Bird?
 Really?
Paimon: Yup! He paid us much higher than the price of ordinary wild boar meat...
 Shefket tricked us...
 Sounds creepy.
 Sounds scary.
 Step DescriptionShefket turned out to be a fraud. Lay a trap with The Eremites to stop his increasingly rampant poaching. Go to the mountains east of Apam Woods and catch Shefket.
 Step DescriptionShefket, the one who is conducting ecological research, says he's willing to buy more Dusk Birds. Try your luck at the north of Apam Woods as he says. Keep in mind, Dusk Birds will hole up on rainy days and are very vigilant creatures. If you let one get away by accident, you'll have to wait for quite some time before you can capture one again.
 Step DescriptionYou bumped into a Forest Ranger, Shefket, who was carrying out ecological research in Sumeru's forests, and he offered to buy Dusk Birds from you if you could capture any. Try your luck in the south of Apam Woods frequented by Dusk Birds might be a good idea. But Dusk Birds will hide on rainy days, and are very vigilant creatures. If you let one get away by accident, you'll have to wait for quite some time before you can capture one again.
 Stop making up stories!
 That did happen...
Paimon: Yes, Paimon remembers now! It's the animal lover, Shefket!
 That sounds questionable...
 We know everything you've done!
 You're 100 percent drunk...
 You're too kind.
???: Can I have a piece of that Shroomboar you just hunted?
???: Guess you're that Shefket. Hmph! Hand over the Dusk Birds you've caught!
???: Haha! It's just a rumor. Shroomboars can eat the mushrooms on each other's backs during the winter or when they have nothing to eat.
???: Haha, some say the mushrooms gradually eat away at the wild boar while they grow... Likewise, the Shroomboar's meat gains a unique mushroom aroma, and becomes expensive...
???: Hey, you over there! The one who just hunted that wild boar with mushrooms on its back... Can you come over here? I have something to discuss with you!
???: Mushrooms, on the other hand, can spread their spores even further with the wild boars carrying them... It's actually a healthy symbiotic relationship...
???: Oh, I'm really sorry if I'm bothering you, but I have something to discuss...
???: Yup, exactly. They're always rolling in the mud of Sumeru, so spores stick to their fur and grow into mushrooms.
Ferit: Boss!
Ferit: Hehe... But the best way to spread information has always been pretending to be drunk...
Ferit: Oopsy...
Orhan rushes out of the forest just as you finish speaking...
Orhan shows you the Orders. It is signed by the Corps of Thirty.
Orhan: *sigh* If it wasn't for (Traveler), I would have gotten a good beating from the Treasure Hoarders.
Orhan: ...Calm down. The Dusk Bird colony is quite huge, so Dusk Birds are not that rare. You didn't know what you were doing either, so it's not serious enough to get locked up for that.
Orhan: ...It's not that serious. The Dusk Bird colony is quite huge, so Dusk Birds are not that rare. You didn't know what you were doing either, so it's not serious enough to get locked up for that.
Orhan: Alright, Shefket. We... I mean (Traveler) has taken down the Treasure Hoarders you were relying on. Now, do you have anything else to say?
Orhan: Alright, we're gonna get that poacher this time!
Orhan: Alright, you've caught this guy and atoned for your crimes. Next time, choose wisely when you decide to believe someone!
Orhan: But I hope there isn't a next time. Be careful, and don't just believe anyone...
Orhan: But he's a cunning guy, so even the slightest action we take will scare him off. That's where both of you come in!
Orhan: But you can't escape being punished for it... I want to say that, but... Ahem, there's an opportunity for you to redeem yourselves!
Orhan: Didn't I make it just in time? My timing was perfect.
Orhan: Exactly. We'll set up an ambush, so it'll be up to you to keep him busy.
Orhan: Exactly. You've fallen into a trap, Shefket. I bet a veteran con man like you never expected to get conned yourself! The Corps of Thirty will treat you really, really well!
Orhan: For example, we can spread the word that there's a large group of Dusk Birds resting on the mountain at the east of Apam Woods. He'll definitely take the bait.
Orhan: He disguises himself as a Forest Ranger to trick people, but he's actually working with the Treasure Hoarders to sell the precious materials he gathers from rare animals...
Orhan: Hmm... I think I heard the (blond/blonde) one's name is (Traveler). What about the flying one?
Orhan: I admit... I do that when I get anxious. I guess I should try to be calmer next time.
Orhan: I can't just watch as you flee right in front of me, and the Corps of Thirty has surrounded the area to combat the recent rise in poaching!
Orhan: I didn't, but... They are my Dusk Birds because I say so.
Orhan: I get it now! You're the poachers who've been hunting here! And you're poaching my Dusk Birds again!
Orhan: I must admit, I wasn't expecting (Traveler) to take the Treasure Hoarders down so easily...
Orhan: I'll leave the rest to you, (Traveler). We must draw him out of hiding.
Orhan: I'm in charge of protecting them!
Orhan: If only you listened to me from the very beginning...
Orhan: Let's do it! Let's spread the news right now. Leave Sumeru City to me. Ferit, you take Gandharva Ville, and use this opportunity to find out if anyone's colluding with the Treasure Hoarders.
Orhan: No wonder. I mean, I got taken out with great ease when I tried to stop you earlier, but this... exceeded my expectations a little.
Orhan: Oh, (Traveler) and Paimon. I need you to make contact with Shefket.
Orhan: Oh, that... Ferit and Pamuk never returned, and I couldn't find them. After much consideration, I decided to come here myself. Haha...
Orhan: Once you meet him... Alright, just shout "We know everything you've done!" as the signal, and we'll get him!
Orhan: Pamuk, around Vimara Village...
Orhan: Shefket... Shefket again... Oh, Dendro Archon! You've been utterly duped by that guy.
Orhan: So you started targeting the animals you knew best? Hmph! You caused greater losses just because you understand them! Isn't that something!
Orhan: Stop it! Stop it! Why are you hunting Dusk Birds here again!?
Orhan: Stop trying to talk your way out of it! I will never believe your lies!
Orhan: There's no such thing...
Orhan: Uh... We had a little accident...
Orhan: What do you think?
Orhan: Where on earth did you two go!? I couldn't even find you... Whoa! You reek of alcohol...
Orhan: W—We have no other choice, it's the best opportunity to get him! Let's do this!
Orhan: Yes, I don't know why, but Shefket seems to need a large amount of Dusk Bird feathers... We can use that as bait...
Orhan: Yes, I'm Orhan. I'm under orders from the Corps of Thirty to protect the Dusk Bird colony from poachers!
Orhan: Yes, Shefket, the Corps of Thirty is officially placing you under arrest for the crimes of impersonating a Forest Ranger, instigating unknowing adventurers to carry out poaching, and colluding with Treasure Hoarders!
Orhan: You don't believe me? Take a look at these Orders signed by the Corps of Thirty's Sheriff.
Orhan: You're not the first adventurer to be tricked by him. He's always making adventurers help him and hiding behind them. He's as slippery as an eel...
Paimon: "We know everything you've done!"
Paimon: (Huh? What's going on? Why haven't the Eremites come? We had an agreement with Orhan... (Traveler), maybe Paimon should give it a try.)
Paimon: ...Did Shefket deceive us?
Paimon: A little late? Everything's over...
Paimon: Ah! It's the Eremites, (Traveler)! They're trying to take the Dusk Bird!
Paimon: An opportunity to redeem ourselves?
Paimon: Could Shefket catch a Dusk Bird all alone...? We might as well have a look there...
Paimon: Hey! You attacked us without saying a word!
Paimon: Hey, Orhan, what took you so long? We almost lost our voices shouting the signal just now!
Paimon: Hmph! These Dusk Birds don't belong to you! You didn't raise them, did you?
Paimon: How could that be...
Paimon: Huh?
Paimon: Huh? But that's not what we heard... Isn't an ecological survey being carried out on Dusk Birds?
Paimon: Is there something special about it? It looks just like the meat from any other wild boar...
Paimon: It can't be helped. We'll have to return another time for the parts of Sumeru we haven't explored yet.
Paimon: It isn't for the animals! It's all for yourself!
Paimon: Just what kind of research is Shefket carrying out?
Paimon: Let's head to the mountain in the east of Apam Woods soon. We'll bring that liar to justice if we meet him there!
Paimon: Liar!
Paimon: NOOOO! Paimon doesn't want to get locked up by the Corps of Thirty!
Paimon: Of course! (Traveler) is stronger than (he/she) looks!
Paimon: Oh no...
Paimon: Oh, so the Eremites mistook us for you...
Paimon: Oh, you're that field researcher!
Paimon: Paimon can tell how much you love animals, Shefket!
Paimon: Paimon gets it. He'll let his guard down with us...
Paimon: Paimon gets it...
Paimon: Paimon'll bear that in mind.
Paimon: Shefket...
Paimon: Shroomboar... That wild boar with mushrooms on its back?
Paimon: So, Orhan, what took you so long?
Paimon: So, Shefket, what are you doing here?
Paimon: That's not the worst?
Paimon: The liar has finally been apprehended.
Paimon: This is Paimon!
Paimon: This is Paimon.
Paimon: What do we do, (Traveler)? We've hunted quite a few Dusk Birds...
Paimon: What's wrong? Is there something wrong with it?
Paimon: Whoa! That's a lot of Treasure Hoarders!
Paimon: Whoa! The Dusk Birds flew away all of a sudden... Guess we have to come back later.
Paimon: Yes, Paimon remembers now! It's the animal lover, Shefket!
Paimon: You're in charge of protecting them?
Paimon: Yup! He paid us much higher than the price of ordinary wild boar meat...
Pamuk: And then divulging the false information.
Pamuk: Got it, Boss! Don't worry, I'll spread the fake information!
Pamuk: Sorry we're a little late...
Shefket: "We know everything you've done!", so that's what you meant. I even felt a little touched just now!
Shefket: (Dusk Birds' feathers are so beautiful...)
Shefket: (Traveler), have you seen a Dusk Bird before? It's a gorgeous bird found in the south of Apam Woods.
Shefket: *sigh* I guess there's no point trying to deny it. I'm very fond of the animals in Sumeru, but sometimes, just fondness is useless.
Shefket: ...?
Shefket: Actually, I'm carrying out research on wild animals, but... *sigh* I can't capture those Shroomboars.
Shefket: After all, the feathers of a Dusk Bird are quite expensive...
Shefket: Alright, I've got the Shroomboar meat. I need a Dusk Bird next.
Shefket: But if you're willing... Ahem... I hope you'll keep an eye out for me. I'm willing to buy the Dusk Birds you capture.
Shefket: But in the end, many hunt them for those same gorgeous, multicolored feathers. It's really sad.
Shefket: But this feather...
Shefket: Don't tell me you think just the two of you and... a lousy guard from the Corps of Thirty can capture me?
Shefket: Good grief, it's (Traveler) and Paimon! I'm so lucky to have met both of you. Can you come over here?
Shefket: Haha, I've got a Dusk Bird feather too... Now, I'm more than halfway done with my investigation.
Shefket: Haha, what is it? Oh, I'm sure you want to know if I'm still buying Dusk Bird feathers, right? Of course I am, their feathers are very precious.
Shefket: Hahaha! It's embarrassing to say, but my research is still ongoing...
Shefket: Hmm, time to leave now! May we meet again, (Traveler) and Paimon!
Shefket: Hmph! What? I expected many of the Corps of Thirty to be lying in ambush here. But it's just one?
Shefket: Huh? Did they? Guess that's because... That's definitely because they don't understand that I'm trying to protect the Dusk Birds...
Shefket: Hurry! Get rid of them!
Shefket: I couldn't get into the Akademiya. All I could do was some meaningless surveys. In the end, others only thought of me as a weirdo wandering the forest.
Shefket: I don't have the courage to face the Eremites like you... *sigh*
Shefket: I even encountered The Eremites. They raised their weapons at me on sight...
Shefket: I had no other choice...
Shefket: I heard there's a different colony of Dusk Birds in the north of Apam Woods. It looks like I'll have to look for Dusk Birds there...
Shefket: I need Mora... Not just for my research, but so that I can shut the mouths of those people who talk behind my back...
Shefket: I need a Dusk Bird, but I still haven't caught one... My research progress is worrying... And that's not the worst.
Shefket: I planned to feign capture and look for an opportunity to escape, but hah! It doesn't look necessary at all now!
Shefket: It's a bird unique to Sumeru. Even the Akademiya researchers often use it to send messages... Though it's capable of long distance travel, it hates rain and will hide away on rainy days.
Shefket: It's just some ordinary ecological surveys. Sometimes, I capture animals and research their growth...
Shefket: I—I... Actually, the mental trauma I experienced as a child is the cause of all this...
Shefket: Just a single animal can tell me things about the recent growth of its entire colony. It's really quite miraculous...
Shefket: Just like before, I'll compensate you generously!
Shefket: Let me explain... It happened when I was just a young boy...
Shefket: No, there isn't. Its quality just isn't very good... Oh, I mean, I can discern that the Dusk Birds in this area don't seem to be growing very well.
Shefket: Oh my, of course we have to carry out an investigation to find out the differences! Sell it to me. I'll pay you well.
Shefket: Oh, thank you so much! I can carry on with my research now!
Shefket: Oh? If it isn't (Traveler) and Paimon! I'm sure you're here because you've heard about the Dusk Bird colony resting here.
Shefket: Ooh, forgive me, I don't think I've introduced myself. I'm Shefket, and you?
Shefket: Paimon too? Oh my, it's alright. It's my duty, and you've helped me so much already.
Shefket: Right, can you sell me a feather from the Dusk Bird you hunted?
Shefket: Right, do you know that the Dusk Birds grow multicolored feathers as camouflage in the forest?
Shefket: So, (Traveler) and Paimon, got it. I knew you weren't ordinary when I saw how swift-footed you were while hunting that Shroomboar...
Shefket: So, when I saw how easily you took down a Shroomboar, I had to try and ask if I could purchase some of its meat.
Shefket: The process may be difficult, but it's all for a cause. It's for the animals of the forest...
Shefket: They either run or ram me to the ground as soon as I get close... If this goes on, my waist is going to give way before I even start my research...
Shefket: This isn't an environment the Dusk Birds usually favor, so why would they come here? Perhaps it's something worth studying.
Shefket: Today's your unlucky day because it just happens to be the day I promised to deliver the goods to the Treasure Hoarders, so they're lying in ambush just over there. You're not the only one who can call for reinforcements!
Shefket: Ugh, I should have known you were with the Corps of Thirty... Hmph! The news about a Dusk Bird colony here was your doing too, right?
Shefket: Well, I'll have to go around and gather more feathers. It's the only way I can find out what happened to the entire colony of Dusk Birds...
Shefket: Well, it's time for me to go. A Dusk Bird... I hope I'll be able to capture one on my own... Haha, I can't keep relying on others.
Shefket: What do you mean? Haha, my name is Shefket. We've met before. You even sold some Shroomboar meat to me.
Shefket: What's the Corps of Thirty doing here? What signal?
Shefket: Why did you say that? Do you suddenly feel proud of me for conducting such a hard research?
Shefket: Yes, I... I've always loved them. I've spent so much time studying them. The ecology in the forests of Sumeru is absolutely fascinating...
Shefket: You see, I'm sure the Eremites here think of the Dusk Birds as their own property. That's why they're against me collecting a specimen for research.
You make short work of the Treasure Hoarders.Ferit and Pamuk arrive too...