 About the Eternal Oasis...
Babel: Allow me to offer my deepest thanks on behalf of the Tanit and Jeht herself for your deeds...
Babel: The Eternal Oasis not only bears great importance to Jeht, but it also stands as a central pillar of our faith.
Babel: Claiming the Eternal Oasis means claiming the sovereignty that once belonged to the Queen of All Oases, Nabu Malikata... For her descendants, this inheritance means everything.
 I don't quite understand... Just what is it actually worth?
Babel: Hahaha. Perhaps it can't even be traded for a single coin...
Babel: But it is beyond value nonetheless.
 About the traitors...
Babel: I suppose it is due to the fact that we have opened a path to the Eternal Oasis that has caused these traitors to grow restless.
Babel: Our goddess, to them, is a symbol of status above all others, and might bring them unfathomable wealth... I cannot tolerate such blasphemy.
 You still believe she'll wake up.
Babel: Of course... Sooner or later, she will reclaim the mantle of her divinity and lead us to become a blooming nation. But before that happens, I... and the Tanit, will continue to serve her will.
 We went there. She wasn't there.
Babel: She "was" present. You just didn't "see" her. But she "was" and will always "be there."
 About what?
 Because we didn't see any signs of a struggle along the way.
 But she might be wrapped up in something big...
 Bye.
Babel: Farewell, esteemed Master of the Jinni.
 Has Jeht been busy?
Babel: Yes. As we now hold the eternal Oasis, we must prevent all with dubious intent from ever breaching its thresholds. The Tanit stands now as defenders of the Eternal Oasis.
Babel: And the most suited to complete this task is, to my mind, undoubtedly Jeht. She is guarding her parents, is she not?
 I don't quite understand... Just what is it actually worth?
 I don't see any carts around us...
 I don't think Jeht has a reason to do this.
 If we leave, Jeht might be in danger.
 If you're scared, you can always turn and head back
Paimon: What? Pfft. Paimon's not scared. Hmph. Besides, you can't just leave Paimon!
 It looks like they stole even the largest of the goods...
 Let's follow the road a while longer.
 Let's go back first. But don't mention Jeht.
 Let's see what we can find along this trail.
 Look. No cart in the camp either.
 Maybe there was a struggle or fight over it...
 Or, perhaps, this is a trap...
 Paimon, wait... There's something not right with them.
 Paimon. Hide.
 Possibly, but we don't have enough evidence for that.
 Quest DescriptionYou discovered that Yuften's goods have been completely cleaned out. Worse yet, a new threat has begun to unveil itself ever so slowly...
 Quest DescriptionYuften's goods appear to have been stolen by some unknown party. They need to be recovered.
 Right, let's head back.
 Right.
 Slow down, I'm listening.
 Sure. I'll give you a hand.
 Thanks for your "hospitality."
 That doesn't even make any sense!
 The bandits might still be nearby.
Paimon: Oh, the way you say that isn't making Paimon feel good at all... But since you're not scared, maybe we should keep going...
 The caravan got ambushed. The goods have been taken.
 The goods lay scattered along the trail...
 The rug... how strange...
 The things they left behind were to ensure they moved fast and light.
 The traitors have also taken an interest in us.
 The trashed goods should have been discarded after the bandits got to them...
 They also said that they knew us.
 They claimed to be sent by Jeht...
 Time for Paimon to use her intuition!
 To lure us.
 Very astute, Paimon.
 Wait, it doesn't look like it was destroyed by Hilichurls...
Paimon: Huh? But... the Hilichurls have their camp here, don't they?
 Wait, the raid might not have happened here...
Paimon: But the Hilichurls placed their camp right in the middle of the road... Look there. If they block that spot off, won't it be easy to rob someone?
 We went there. She wasn't there.
Babel: She "was" present. You just didn't "see" her. But she "was" and will always "be there."
 We were ambushed by the Eremites.
 We're still looking for the caravan.
 What do you need my help with?
 Won't be hard to ambush someone here.
 You still believe she'll wake up.
Babel: Of course... Sooner or later, she will reclaim the mantle of her divinity and lead us to become a blooming nation. But before that happens, I... and the Tanit, will continue to serve her will.
 You... might be a bit too suspicious.
 Yuften's caravan got raided by some of you traitors.
???: Haha, no need to be so hasty. And guests shouldn't be so harried to depart
???: It would be cruel of you to disappoint her kindness...
???: Jeht requested that you stay in the desert for a time... She commissioned us to come here and give you the "hospitality" you deserve.
???: Pardon me, but I beg you both to still your stride.
???: We are friends. Of Jeht's. You have been working hard.
Babel: (... That child... Caring so much about the welfare of outsiders...)
Babel: (...That Jinni has gone silent. Perhaps... No, no need to rush...)
Babel: Additionally, I will keep watch for Jeht on your behalf. I will notify you the moment she returns.
Babel: Allow me to offer my deepest thanks on behalf of the Tanit and Jeht herself for your deeds...
Babel: And before that, I will do my utmost to find the assassins who sought you dead... I ask for only patience in return.
Babel: And the most suited to complete this task is, to my mind, undoubtedly Jeht. She is guarding her parents, is she not?
Babel: But it is beyond value nonetheless.
Babel: Claiming the Eternal Oasis means claiming the sovereignty that once belonged to the Queen of All Oases, Nabu Malikata... For her descendants, this inheritance means everything.
Babel: Farewell, esteemed Master of the Jinni.
Babel: Greetings, esteemed Master of the Jinni.
Babel: Greetings, esteemed Master of the Jinni. Is there something you need?
Babel: Hahaha. Perhaps it can't even be traded for a single coin...
Babel: How about this? Please wait here and rest. I will handle all matters regarding your safety.
Babel: I can promise your safety when you are amongst the Tanit, but should you walk the desert sands... Be very careful.
Babel: I suppose it is due to the fact that we have opened a path to the Eternal Oasis that has caused these traitors to grow restless.
Babel: If anyone of the Tanit seeks to trouble you, whoever they are, they will face judgement at my hands, under my authority as matriarch.
Babel: Is that the case... How vile.
Babel: It appears that... with Aderfi and Azariq both gone, these wild dogs see this as high time to bare their teeth.
Babel: It's not impossible... But it matters little. With your privileges as esteemed guests, you will be protected... So long as you stay here, no one can hurt you.
Babel: Jeht is still outside fulfilling her duties to the tribe. I will have her work alongside you to get to the bottom of this matter.
Babel: Of course... Sooner or later, she will reclaim the mantle of her divinity and lead us to become a blooming nation. But before that happens, I... and the Tanit, will continue to serve her will.
Babel: Oh... Apologies, I didn't mean to interrupt. Please continue.
Babel: Our goddess, to them, is a symbol of status above all others, and might bring them unfathomable wealth... I cannot tolerate such blasphemy.
Babel: Please, rest. I will pursue the matter of the traitors to the fullest of my ability.
Babel: Regarding the attempt on your life, rest assured, I am still investigating.
Babel: She "was" present. You just didn't "see" her. But she "was" and will always "be there."
Babel: The Eternal Oasis not only bears great importance to Jeht, but it also stands as a central pillar of our faith.
Babel: These traitors have been causing havoc for quite some time. Sporadic but persistent raids and robberies have been happening since a few months ago...
Babel: Truly... Well, it's not unexpected. The northerners from the snowlands have long tried to push into our lands. The treacherous amongst our number fell prey to their words and turned against us.
Babel: Yes. As we now hold the eternal Oasis, we must prevent all with dubious intent from ever breaching its thresholds. The Tanit stands now as defenders of the Eternal Oasis.
Babel:The courtesy is unneeded.
Damaged Jar: (A cracked, empty jar lay there, not yet swallowed by the sands. Looks like it was thrown aside not long ago.)
Empty Broken Box: (An empty, broken box lay abandoned, toppled over by the roadside.)
Eremite Assassin: We've also been commissioned to complete a task. You should empathize. Why must you make thing so difficult?
Paimon: ...
Paimon: A caravan can't just disappear on its own, right? Sounds like they got robbed by some bandits...
Paimon: A... trap?
Paimon: According to the marks on the map from Yuften, this must be the right place!
Paimon: Ah! Paimon's getting goosebumps! Then... do we really need to keep going...
Paimon: Alright! Thanks a lot, Matriarch Babel.
Paimon: Alright. But if it wasn't the Hilichurls, then who?
Paimon: Alright. We can close this case now!
Paimon: And Jeht... Paimon's not suspecting her, but the people who tried to kill us might be hiding within the tribe. Maybe we should leave for a while...
Paimon: And then, the caravan and the robbers fought while running all along the way... fighting and running and fighting... That's why all these boxes and jars are scattered everywhere.
Paimon: A—Alright!
Paimon: But the Hilichurls placed their camp right in the middle of the road... Look there. If they block that spot off, won't it be easy to rob someone?
Paimon: Do you believe them?
Paimon: Do you mean they left these empty boxes on purpose? To... lure people to them?
Paimon: Don't you... think these clues are too neatly laid out? It's like they were placed in a line to lead us over somewhere...
Paimon: Hehe. Paimon's the best!
Paimon: Hey! Look, over there! It's a rug...
Paimon: Hey! Look, the cart's right there!
Paimon: Hm. Paimon thinks that's a good deduction!
Paimon: Hm... Yeah... Paimon thinks she can see that happening.
Paimon: Hmph!
Paimon: Hmph! Paimon's not scared! If you've decided, then that's how we'll do it!
Paimon: Hmph! They got away! Let's see what they have left behind!
Paimon: Hmph... They left absolutely nothing intact. Oh, Paimon's getting mad! These Hilichurls really know how to break stuff!
Paimon: Huh. This box must be from the caravan. Look! It even has the tribe's symbol on it!
Paimon: Huh... Paimon can't help feeling something's wrong..
Paimon: Huh... Wow, that rug looks expensive. But why did it just get left here?
Paimon: Huh? But...
Paimon: Huh? But... the Hilichurls have their camp here, don't they?
Paimon: Huh? Who are you?
Paimon: Is that... a jar? Let's go take a look!
Paimon: It's elementary: What happened was that the caravan was ambushed and the goods were all stolen. Let's go back to Yuften and tell him what happened!
Paimon: Let's fend off the hilichurls, and see if there's anything left over.
Paimon: Let's have a look around, maybe the caravan has left some clues!
Paimon: Look! That jar's still poking out from the sand!
Paimon: Look, it's the hilichurls! Oh! Paimon gets it. It must be those hilichurls!
Paimon: Look, what's over there?
Paimon: Oh, the way you say that isn't making Paimon feel good at all... But since you're not scared, maybe we should keep going...
Paimon: Oh, this doesn't look good... Paimon thinks that they might have dropped some other goods along the way? Maybe we should keep searching ahead.
Paimon: Oh, well, Jeht's friends are our friends! We were just finishing up! Let's head back together!
Paimon: Paimon can barely recognize it... Though the Tanit marking's there, it looks a bit... blurry...
Paimon: Really...
Paimon: Right... That too!
Paimon: So, that's how it was... Still, Paimon's theory was close... Like ninety-percent accurate close!
Paimon: The caravan and the robbers had a fight here. Some good got damaged during the battle, while other perfectly fine ones were left aside in the ensuing chaos...
Paimon: The people who just ambushed us knew Jeht, which means that they must know people amongst the Tanit as well...
Paimon: There are no supplies from the caravan!
Paimon: There's nothing noteworthy over here...
Paimon: They moved all the valuables, but left the containers. Huh. Paimon guesses they might have a lot of people, but don't seem to have the tools to move the crates.
Paimon: Traitors...
Paimon: Uh... (Traveler)...
Paimon: Uhh... Oh, one more thing! The bad guys that jumped us seemed to know us! They might be from the tribe!
Paimon: What? Pfft. Paimon's not scared. Hmph. Besides, you can't just leave Paimon!
Paimon: Why is it that every bad guy wants to mess with us? Is it because we look soft?
Paimon: Wow!Thanks! You're too kind!
Paimon: Wow... that was close. Luckily, we're good at fighting. Took them down in no time flat!
Paimon: Yeah! If the Hilichurls raided the caravan, they would've taken the carts apart on the spot. But we're not seeing any carts, or any parts... Paimon thinks that's kind of weird!
Paimon: Yeah, slow down! We'll help once you tell us what's happening!
Paimon: Yeah. Just as we finished investigating the caravan, thugs from The Eremites ambushed us.
Paimon: Yeah. Just as we finished investigating what happened to the caravan, the Eremites showed up to ambush us! They also said...
Paimon: Yeah... Paimon doesn't think Jeht would do this either... But, what should we do now?
Paimon: Yeah... This place looks dangerous!
Paimon: Yeah... We can't just leave her.
Paimon: You lost three shipment of goods!?
Paimon: You mean that if we return to the tribe, we'll catch their attention? Paimon doesn't think they'll just let this go.
Paimon:What? Something strange about us coming back?
Ruined Rug: (A rolled carpet that's still in good condition. The symbol of the Tanit tribe is stitched into it, while ominous blotches dot its surface...)
Yuften: (...If, if there's a traitor, maybe it'll help Matriarch Babel...)
Yuften: (...The manure has b—become bitter. T—this isn't good...)
Yuften: ...
Yuften: A shipment—a shipment—a—a shipment of goods has g—gone missing!
Yuften: Ah, Master of the Jinni! Y—you're here.
Yuften: A—alright. I am d—done dallying. The caravan delivering the Anahitian Blessing's last known location i—is in this region, according to our scouts.
Yuften: A—aside from this, wh—what else ha—have you uncovered?
Yuften: Cu—curses! It's those traitors again! I—I—I just kn—know it!
Yuften: E—ever since Aderfi and Azariq left... The northeners h—have been much more a—active.
Yuften: Fa—farewell, esteemed Master of the Jinni.
Yuften: H—Here is your pa—payment. P—Please go see Matriarch B—Babel about th—this matter as s—soon as possible!
Yuften: H—h—how's your search going?
Yuften: I contracted an outside party to sh—ship us some Anahitian Blessing, b—but a l—long time has p—passed and it's s—still not here...
Yuften: I hope you can help me f—find the goods. Or a—at—at least find any clues as to what happened to the caravan.
Yuften: I jus—just so happen to have a t—task for you... An urgent one!
Yuften: It might be the d—doing of those nor—northeners... Might be retaliation because Babel is always s—searching them for t—traitors...
Yuften: I—if—if thta's the c—case... Th—then they might be onto you as well.
Yuften: N—no! Just on—one shipment.
Yuften: N—n—no. I'm v—very pleased t—that you h—have returned, e—esteemed Master of the Jinni.
Yuften: Pl—p—please find them. I beg you.
Yuften: R—right. Ab—abo—about the c—caravan. How did y—your investigation... go?
Yuften: This matter is e—extremely urgent! P—please go inform the Matriarch.
Yuften: Th—thank you. A tho—thousand thanks! Please accept this meat as gra—gratitude for your service.
Yuften: T—th—those traitors! those northerner colluding dogs!
Yuften: Y—y—you're back?