 ...Leave it to me then.
Nermin: Thanks once again. Don't worry, I'll be sure to make it worth your while!
 About Nermin's order...
 Are you alright?
 At least it's not a failure.
 Feels like it.
 I just helped a little.
 It's not like I sneaked up on you...
 Nermin has something for you.
 Quest DescriptionDescription
 She... Um... She's busy cooking.
Raef: Huh? Is Hilmi and the others asking her for Minty Bean Soup again?
Raef: These kids... I need to talk to them when I have the time.
 She... Um... She's busy taking care of her flowers.
Raef: Is that so? But I didn't see any new flower pots in her house...
 What surprise?
 Why not?
Nermin: I've been preparing this surprise for a long time. I'm not gonna let him know and ruin it all now!
 Yes, got them right here.
(Submit item)
Azalai: *sigh* It's a good thing to be enthusiastic, but Nermin needs to take better care of herself...
(Obtain Nermin's Perfume Ingredients)
Azalai: I'm guessing Nermin wants to make some perfume with these ingredients, right?
Azalai: Oh, Nermin's order... I have it prepared right here. These are all high-quality ingredients, and they're inexpensive, too.
Azalai: Welcome! What do you need today?
Nermin nervously starts making the perfume...
Nermin: *cough*... The smell... This doesn't seem right...
Nermin: But let's not talk about that for now. Did you get the ingredients?
Nermin: But making perfume is so much trickier than I expected... Just getting the ingredients ready took me a really long time. I made lots of mistakes along the way, too...
Nermin: Granny Jawahir told me that she used to make perfume when she was young...
Nermin: Granny Jawahir wrote down the recipe for making perfume and helped me buy the ingredients...
Nermin: Great, I still have some remaining ingredients from last time. With the new stuff you brought, I'll get to try a few more times before making the final product.
Nermin: Helping you stay alert! It also helps cover up the smell of your sweat. Don't you feel dizzy from getting drenched in sweat all day?
Nermin: Here you go. You just have to apply it onto your arms — that's what Granny Jawahir said.
Nermin: Here, this bottle of perfume is for you! It's Mint-scented.
Nermin: Hmph! It's Granny Jawahir's secret recipe after all.
Nermin: I got to make such wonderful perfume thanks to the Traveler's help.
Nermin: I wanted to make it smell like Zaytun Peaches at first... But for some reason, once I added them into the mixture, the perfume became all sticky...
Nermin: I was thinking about something, so I didn't notice you.
Nermin: I'm fine! I accidentally messed up a step in the procedure. Another failed attempt...
Nermin: I've been preparing this surprise for a long time. I'm not gonna let him know and ruin it all now!
Nermin: If things go on like this, Raef's gonna find out I'm making perfume for him!
Nermin: It's done! It smells pretty nice... And it didn't turn out all sticky either...
Nermin: It's not a lot of work. Go find Mr. Azalai and pick up the goods I ordered, then fetch a small bucket of water. That's all!
Nermin: Not only can they cover up the smell of sweat on people's bodies, certain types of perfume have invigorating properties...
Nermin: Oh, I need a few flower petals as well...
Nermin: Raef has to guard the village all the time. He's always really sweaty from the heat and often complains about the sunlight making him dizzy...
Nermin: Remember to keep it on the down low. Don't let Raef know!
Nermin: So I wanna make a bottle of Mint perfume for him.
Nermin: Thanks once again. Don't worry, I'll be sure to make it worth your while!
Nermin: That means I've succeeded this time, right...?
Nermin: Then don't use it. I'm taking it back.
Nermin: This is definitely gonna be a surprise for Raef... Hehe...
Nermin: Traveler, could you help me prepare some ingredients? Be careful not to let Raef discover anything, okay?
Nermin: Traveler, have you heard of something called "perfume"?
Nermin: Traveler, let's go give the perfume to Raef together. I hope he'll like it...
Nermin: Whew... Let me look over my notes again. I'm sure I'll make it work this time!
Nermin: Whoa! Don't scare me like that, Traveler!
Nermin: Yeah! Look, I even bought a bottle to put the perfume in!
Paimon: This should be enough water. Let's get back to Nermin!
Raef: But... uh... Nermin, why are there red spots forming where I've applied it...?
Raef: Don't tell me something's wrong with the flowers... I'm still on duty right now... When I'm done, I'll...
Raef: Give me that perfume, quick! I'm starting to feel dizzy...
Raef: Hey, wait! I was just joking!
Raef: Huh? Is Hilmi and the others asking her for Minty Bean Soup again?
Raef: Is that so? But I didn't see any new flower pots in her house...
Raef: It feels like she's been really busy, but I have no idea what's going on...
Raef: Nermin, and... the Traveler. What brings you here? Did you run into trouble?
Raef: Oh yeah, have you been helping Nermin with anything lately? Or... perhaps heard any rumors about her?
Raef: Please forgive me for asking so many favors of you...
Raef: The smell's not bad, and it's indeed quite refreshing. It feels nice and cool on my arms...
Raef: These are for you. Just think of them as your compensation... Thank you so much.
Raef: These kids... I need to talk to them when I have the time.
Raef: This perfume is indeed pretty handy...
Raef: Th—Thank you. But what is this... "perfume" supposed to be for?
Raef: Traveler, what are you busy with this time? Running around like that...
Raef: Uh, I guess I'm used to it. It might feel a little awkward if the smell's suddenly gone...