 Are they very heavy?
 Have you never sent her flowers before?
Raef: Well, I wouldn't say that exactly, but the ones I would ask people to help me buy for her were already fully-grown. By the time they arrived in the village, they were nearly all dried out...
Raef: That's why I decided that I would send her a freshly planted pot of flowers this time.
 Hey, about Raef's goods...
 How much did he order...?
 I did agree to help, so...
 I'll get you your things.
 I'll go on your behalf.
 I've got my ways.
 If you've got the pay, I've got the time.
Raef: Eh? Well... I do have some savings, so you don't have to worry about that...
Raef: But either way, thank you so much for agreeing to help.
 Is it your first time growing flowers?
 Quest DescriptionRaef from Aaru Village seems to be troubled by something...
 She's worried that she won't be able to take care of the flowers.
Raef: Well... I'll help her look into this. If all else fails, we'll find someone to ask about it.
Raef: And if even that fails... I'll just... look for something that's easy to grow and keep alive, I guess.
 Sure you're not trying to open your own flower shop?
 Well, I'm here to give you this flower pot.
 Well, let's hear your story, then...
Raef: You'd help me! Thank you! Thank you so much!
 What did you buy all this stuff for, anyway?
 What do you need so much stuff for!?
 What's going on?
 Why don't you go yourself?
Azalai: (Just think about all the trouble I have to go through for every batch of goods... *sigh*)
Azalai: Ah, is that so... Well, that's fine. I'll just get all this stuff wrapped up for you. Thanks for making the trip, by the way...
(Obtain Raef's Package)
Azalai: Huh, so there was another batch after all...
Azalai: I must say, though, that he ordered quite a lot of things. Are you here to pick up his order?
Azalai: Oh, you mean the stuff he ordered from me? Well, you're in luck! The batch of goods I just received has his stuff in there.
Azalai: Strange, where's that other batch of goods?
Azalai: They're pretty weighty when put together. Are you sure you'll be fine by yourself?
Azalai: Well, apart from that pot, he's also ordered various seeds, fertilizer, and other items used in gardening...
Nermin: (Can I really raise these flowers properly?)
Nermin: But... Can I really raise these flowers properly?
Nermin: Hello. May I help you with anything?
Nermin: Huh... Is this from Raef?
Nermin: I imagine that this pot of flowers must be even more delicate still. If I were to fail to care for it properly again...
Nermin: If these flowers needs to be watered every day, just how much water will I need by the end?
Nermin: Perhaps Granny Kulsoom knows how to solve this problem...
Nermin: There are flowers in this pot? Really? Thank you for helping him send this to me. I like it very much...
Nermin: Ugh, no, no, I can't just... Since the flowers are already in my hands, I must take good care of it!
Nermin: Well, no. I'm just... not very good at taking care of plants. The previous ones all withered in my hands...
Raef starts working on the flower pot...
Raef: (I hope Nermin will cheer up.)
Raef: Agh, there's just no time at all...
Raef: Alright, this should do it! All Nermin needs to do is water this plant.
Raef: And if even that fails... I'll just... look for something that's easy to grow and keep alive, I guess.
Raef: And no one will swap shifts with me, either. What do I do now...
Raef: And you know how it is around here. If we're too slow, the goods are going to spoil under the sun.
Raef: Anyway, go rest over there for a while. I need to sow these seeds and put some fertilizer in and...
Raef: But Nermin's constitution isn't that great. Will all this work just tire her out...?
Raef: But either way, thank you so much for agreeing to help.
Raef: But he suddenly told me that he had a mission to attend to and wouldn't have time to help me out. There was too little time for me to find someone else...
Raef: Eh? Traveler? Um... Traveler, please hold on a moment!
Raef: Eh? Well... I do have some savings, so you don't have to worry about that...
Raef: Here's the situation: I ordered a flower pot from Azalai's shop, alongside a batch of seeds.
Raef: I didn't expect things to get complicated like this...
Raef: I do hope that Nermin can get better soon...
Raef: I mean, you've seen it too. Aaru Village is in the middle of the desert, so there's not much greenery to go around. Can't say this is the best environment, can you?
Raef: I need to guard this path. If any foodstuffs or goods pass through, I'll need to get more people from the village to come take them.
Raef: I need to sow those seeds, loosen the soil, apply some fertilizer...
Raef: I'll send the other items to her later.
Raef: I'm also very busy at work, so I basically can't go to see her in the day. We only have time to talk to each other at night...
Raef: I'm sorry for taking up your time, but I'd like to ask you if you're free... and if you could do me a favor...
Raef: I... Did I buy too many things...?
Raef: Just do me this favor, please. Nermin's not far from here. All you have to do is give this pot of flowers to her. I'll find a way to bring the rest to her.
Raef: Originally, I had asked a friend to help me get them...
Raef: She's in poor health, so she's been convalescing at home.
Raef: So I bought some plants to place in her house, but always staying in her room has kept her in a bad mood.
Raef: So Traveler, could you please help me collect my purchases from Azalai's? I hear that he should be at the entrance to the village right now, waiting for goods to come in.
Raef: Thank you so much! Just bring them straight back to me once you get them.
Raef: That's why I decided that I would send her a freshly planted pot of flowers this time.
Raef: That's why I thought that perhaps I could get her to raise some flowers herself, if only just to help pass the time and take her mind off her illness.
Raef: These are the ones. Thank you so much, Traveler.
Raef: They're for my girlfriend, Nermin.
Raef: Traveler! Have you brought the stuff?
(Submit Raef's Package)
Raef: Traveler, could I, ah, trouble you to help me bring this flower pot to her?
Raef: Uh, well, I... I just wanted to buy more at once to save myself some extra trips, you know?
Raef: Wait a moment. Did these gardening tools not come with instruction manuals? ...Oh no. I have no idea how to use them!
Raef: Well, I wouldn't say that exactly, but the ones I would ask people to help me buy for her were already fully-grown. By the time they arrived in the village, they were nearly all dried out...
Raef: Well, in any case, thanks for helping me out, Traveler. Please, take this as your reward.
Raef: Well... I'll help her look into this. If all else fails, we'll find someone to ask about it.
Raef: You'd help me! Thank you! Thank you so much!
Raef: You're back, Traveler. Thank you so much for helping out... How is Nermin doing?
Someone inside hears movement...