 Aren't you a potter?
 Congratulations!
 I don't think that's how you interpret it.
 Leave it to me.
Akim: I'll leave it to you then. It doesn't matter if you take those Slimes down or not. Just bring some of the soil near them back.
Akim: I'll mark the place on the map for you...
 Leave it to me.
Akim: It would be great if you could help. I will mark the location on your map. Please go look for it...
Akim: Topsoil is not gonna work, so you'll have to dig deeper. I'm counting on you!
 Not coming along?
Akim: I would love to, but I still have some pottery to handle.
Akim: Don't worry. I'll take care of the payment. Thanks a lot!
Akim: I'll mark the place on the map for you, so please head there and look for it.
Akim: I'll leave it to you then. It doesn't matter if you take those Slimes down or not. Just bring some of the soil near them back.
 Not coming along?
Akim: I would love to, but I still have some pottery to handle.
Akim: Don't worry. I'll take care of the payment. Thanks a lot!
Akim: I'll mark the place on the map for you, so please head there and look for it.
Akim: Ordinary topsoil is not gonna work, so you'll need to dig deeper.
 Not coming along?
Akim: I would love to, but I still have some pottery to handle.
Akim: Don't worry. I'll take care of the payment. Thanks a lot!
Akim: I'll mark the place on the map for you, so please head there and look for it.
Akim: Thank you. And don't forget, we're looking for soil where Whopperflowers grow!
 Quest DescriptionAfter constant research and testing, Akim has finally made some progress...
 Quest DescriptionAkim of Sumeru City seems to be having some new ideas regarding commonly used soils... 
 So, I guess we can call it "Slimesoil," hmm?
 Sounds like something Paimon might enjoy.
Paimon: Hey! Paimon doesn't eat soil!
 Sure.
Akim: Thank you. And don't forget, we're looking for soil where Whopperflowers grow!
Akim: I know a place where Whopperflowers appear, or so it is said.
 They're just using a figure of speech...
 What are you looking for this time?
 What material?
 What's going on?
 Your efforts finally paid off.
A while later...
Akim: "And if you want to expand your knowledge, you need to ensure that your foundations are solid. A shifting foundation will only lead to collapse..."
Akim: (I've tried so many times. When will my experiments succeed?)
Akim: (Slime Condensate... If I had any other choice, I wouldn't use it.)
Akim: Ah, it seems that a possible solution to the problems that have plagued peoples' homes recently is within sight.
Akim: And as it turned out, the mixture's plasticity and stability changed with the amount of Slime Condensate added.
Akim: Anyway, thank you for the help, and please take your payment.
Akim: Anyway, when you think of a house's foundations, you think of building materials.
Akim: As adhesive as it is, the moist soil breaks easily once it hardens. However, if we mix it with the Whopperflower soil, the solidified soil becomes more flexible.
Akim: But I'm just a bricklayer, and well, hitting Whopperflowers with a brick is hardly going to help me get a hold of that soil...
Akim: But with the addition of the soil from the Slimes' habitat, the mixture can be molded much better before its solidification.
Akim: Concresoil with this ratio lacks plasticity before it hardens, but after that, it becomes strong and durable.
Akim: Did you get the Slime Condensate?
(Submit Slime Condensate ×3)
Akim: Did you get the soil?
Akim: Don't worry. I'll take care of the payment. Thanks a lot!
Akim: Great! This is it. Give me a sec. I'll get it done in no time!
Akim: Hah, my guess was right.
Akim: Have you found the soil that I need?
(Submit Moist Soil)
Akim: Have you found the soil that I need?
(Submit Slime Condensate-Soaked Soil)
Akim: Have you found the soil that I need?
(Submit Whopperflower Root Soil)
Akim: Have you heard that saying? "Learning is like building a house. If you want to build a tall one, you must lay a solid foundation."
Akim: Here's the thing. I've been mixing the different soils you brought previously in various proportions over the last few days.
Akim: Hmm... It's softer than I expected. The adhesion is fine, but it doesn't provide enough support...
Akim: I don't know what happened, but if I have to describe the process, the soil became Slime-like...
Akim: I failed many times, but I did eventually work out a viable mixing ratio!
Akim: I know a place where Whopperflowers appear, or so it is said.
Akim: I might need to add more soil with Slime Condensate in it...
Akim: I suppose creating the kind of soil I want couldn't be that easy either...
Akim: I think I'm about to succeed...
Akim: I would love to, but I still have some pottery to handle.
Akim: I'll leave it to you then. It doesn't matter if you take those Slimes down or not. Just bring some of the soil near them back.
Akim: I'll mark the place on the map for you, so please head there and look for it.
Akim: I'll mark the place on the map for you...
Akim: I'll try some other options later.
Akim: I'm looking for Slime Condensate!
Akim: I've also decided to call this mixture "Concresoil."
Akim: I've come up with a few ideas, and I'm planning to find some moist soil today.
Akim: I've come up with a few ideas, and today, I'm planning to find some soil soaked in Slime Condensate.
Akim: I've come up with a few ideas, and today... I'm planning to find some soil that is constantly exposed to elemental creatures.
Akim: I've found out about a place where Slimes gather. Can you head there and find me some soil?
Akim: If I can mix different soils together, will the mixture be more durable...?
Akim: Isn't there a better material...
Akim: It would be great if you could help. I will mark the location on your map. Please go look for it...
Akim: It's just that the mixture can't really be molded before it starts solidifying...
Akim: It's okay, though. As those wise folk put it, "No tall building was built in a day."
Akim: Oh, perhaps we should call it "Concresoil" or something...
Akim: Ordinary topsoil is not gonna work, so you'll need to dig deeper.
Akim: So, Traveler, could you help me do this?
Akim: Soil is the binding and support material, so if its stability and adaptability can be increased, our houses will be more durable. And I won't have to be busy anymore.
(Continue to one of the following versions)
Akim: Some property of the Slimes seems to have affected the mixture in some way. That's why I was wondering if adding Slime Condensate would make it more effective.
Akim: Sorry, I was talking to myself again. The fickle weather's been causing all sorts of problems with houses. I've never been this busy.
Akim: Thank you once again, Traveler. Please take these as your reward.
Akim: Thank you so much. Please take this as your payment.
Akim: Thank you so much. Please take this as your reward.
Akim: Thank you. And don't forget, we're looking for soil where Whopperflowers grow!
Akim: Thanks. I suppose this is what those wise folks mean when they say "many a little makes a mickle."
Akim: That's exactly what I want. You're a great help!
Akim: The next thing is to see what this Concresoil can make...
Akim: This is exactly what I'm looking for. You're a great help! I'll start some experiments with this later.
Akim: This soil is sticky to the touch. Is this because there's some Slime Condensate mixed in it? I wonder if this can be mixed together with other soil types...
Akim: Those smart higher-ups always say so. I don't really get it, but it's clear to me that they regard building houses to be as important as learning!
Akim: Topsoil is not gonna work, so you'll have to dig deeper. I'm counting on you!
Akim: Traveler! Hold on a second, Traveler!
Akim: Traveler, could you please bring me three more portions of Slime Condensate?
Akim: We shouldn't underestimate this modest-looking soil. Someday, I might be able to build a tower to touch the skies with it!
Akim: Which means that it can make more than just building materials, but pottery and many other things as well!
Akim: Whopperflowers will be a good option. The soil where such creatures grow may have distinctive features.
Akim: With adequate moisture and strong adhesion, it should be perfect for fixing cracks.
Akim: With more Slime Condensate, I'm sure that I can definitely create the ideal soil!
Akim: Yeah, but I'm also a bricklayer. You see, it's all about the soil in either case. Not much of a difference.
Akim: Yes, this is exactly what I want. You're a great help!
Paimon: Anyway, Let's take it back to Akim.
Paimon: Anyway, let's take it back to Akim.
Paimon: But at least this soil might do the trick. Right?
Paimon: Eww, this sticky stuff's all over Paimon's hands!
Paimon: Hey! Paimon doesn't eat soil!
Paimon: Let's go dig some soil out, shall we?
Paimon: Look, a Whopperflower! We should be able to get the soil Akim wants after we defeat it.
Paimon: Moist soil that's in the shade all year round, huh? Let Paimon think...
Paimon: Oh? Won't soil near the water do? Well, let's go there and take a look!
Paimon: Ooh, there's lots of Slimes here. Paimon thinks the soil here will probably be what Akim wants.
Paimon: That should be it... But will this amount of soil be enough to work?
Paimon: This should be it... But Paimon really doesn't see any difference between this and ordinary soil.