 Don't dwell on the past.
 Hajanad seems excited.
 Just another day in our adventures.
 Most people out there are good folks.
 Quest DescriptionThe testing on the "Remelting Tablets" is progressing smoothly. It is time to report back to Hajanad...
 So that's why you started to do academic research?
 We should steady our hearts as well.
 What is this?
 You can do this, Hajanad!
 You don't have to try so hard...
Hajanad leaves.
Hajanad: "Remelting Tablets" are different from traditional potions. They need the equipment I newly designed to produce them, so I won't be using this cauldron anyway.
Hajanad: Anyway, thanks for helping me test out the "Remelting Tablets." I should go back and write my papers now.
Hajanad: But since I've met you guys, I've been doing some self-reflection, and I believe that I should really work on my emotions and expressions.
Hajanad: Come, tell me how the "Remelting Tablets" did in detail.
Hajanad: Fortunately, I still have my emergency funds! It should be enough if I sell the old equipment and eat once a day from now on.
Hajanad: Hmm...
Hajanad: I did also make a promise to you, after all. Let this be a keepsake of that promise.
Hajanad: I don't have much talent or high intellect, so my breakthroughs are limited to unpopular subjects that no one wants to take up.
Hajanad: I know, I know. Still, thank you for the advice.
Hajanad: I realized that it's much easier and more interesting to study alchemy compared to studying what to eat or what to say to others.
Hajanad: I see... I understand now.
Hajanad: I'm used to eating once a day by now. Sometimes I only have three meals in a week, so this shouldn't be a problem.
Hajanad: I've been delving into my research for so long that I forgot how to act around people. Perhaps my temper's suffered for it too...
Hajanad: If I can prove my worth, then I can live a better life.
Hajanad: In addition to the promised payment, this, too, is for you.
Hajanad: My best alchemy cauldron. It cost me a great deal back then, but I treasured it so much that I never got the chance to use it.
Hajanad: Of course! Just you wait!
Hajanad: Oh, rest assured. Your payment is guaranteed. I had it all budgeted out.
Hajanad: The current explosion is not accurate enough to control the exact potion mix, so the effects can be unstable.
Hajanad: This is so out of the blue that I'm not sure either... Maybe it's just because I was bullied in the past that I got obsessed.
Hajanad: What I need to do is to make a shield for the explosive, focus the resultant shockwave, and also modify the arrangement of preset tablets...
Hajanad: Yes, it won't take long to make these modifications. The problem is funding...
Hajanad: Yes. Knowledge is everything in this country, and so the only way up is through one's academic abilities.
Hajanad: You can try using it to make... tea or soup, I guess? Whatever comes out of it should taste better due to its extraordinary extraction functions.
Hajanad: You're back! Ah, I've waited here for so long!
Paimon: Are you really that into academic research? Do you want to prove your worth by doing this? Or are you planning to make a lot of Mora with alchemy?
Paimon: Hey! Why are you suddenly giving up your most precious tool?
Paimon: If you keep a normal heart and make normal conversations with people, there will definitely be those who'd like to help you with your research!
Paimon: Maybe a day will come when we'll have forgotten about this event and boom! Hajanad suddenly becomes a famous researcher and invites us to visit her!
Paimon: No, no! That's unacceptable! Why didn't you mention that you don’t have enough funds?
Paimon: Now Paimon's really curious...
Paimon: Okay, enough of that! Let's go and make some tea with this alchemy cauldron!
Paimon: Right... It's too early for us to come to any conclusions just yet.
Paimon: Say, (Traveler)...
Paimon: Since you put it that way... It would be rude of us to refuse you.
Paimon: So you're doing this for that reason...
Paimon: Then we'll start with the shortcomings first! Clench your teeth!
Paimon: We did a good deed this time, right?
Paimon: Why do you want to become a famous researcher so bad, Ms. Hajanad?
Paimon: Yeah! You already have an impressive goal now. You should try to enjoy your life!
Paimon: You're going to eat only once a day?
You describe the pros and cons of "Remelting Tablets" to Hajanad in detail.