
Arapas: Hmm... Speaking of which, Varuna Contraption has been much more stable lately, and the weather has become normal again...
Paimon: Actually, it was us...
Arapas: Hmph! I'm sure it was a good Nara like that Nara who repaired Varuna Contraption! It wasn't soup thieves like the two of you...
Paimon: Hey, don't be so mean! It just smelled too good to resist...

Arapas: I finally managed to make this pot of soup, but while I was away picking Fresh Harra Fruits, you...
Paimon: It smelled too good to resist...
 (Leave quietly...)
 ...
 ...I don't think water is the problem.
 Dogs don't live in the water.
 Everything is better with salt and pepper.
 It can quench thirst as soups should.
 It's too healthy for me, I think...
 It... It was Paimon...
Paimon: Hey! (Traveler), how could you betray Paimon like that!?
Arapas: I don't care who drank it! My soup is gone!
 Let's do it...
Paimon: Yay!
 Let's go.
 Perhaps Oceanid Dogs?
 Quest DescriptionAccording to Arachatora, his brother Arapas is doing "cooking training" close to Apam Woods. Look for a pillar of smoke near Apam Woods!
 Right.
 Sorry...
Paimon: Sorry...
Arapas: Hmph! You stole my soup! Sorry won't cut it!
 Step DescriptionHelp Arapas get the "Living Spring" to complete the "Supreme Delicacy."
 The will to never forget your dreams?
 We shouldn't...
Paimon: Paimon is just so curious. Uh, Paimon will just take one mouthful, just one!
 What if you get a tummy ache after?
Paimon: Hmph! Don't you underestimate Paimon!
 What if you get a tummy ache after?
 What is it?
 Your pride as a chef?
???: Great Aramuhukunda! What are you Nara doing!?
Arapas: "When we Nara children come home, the aroma of soup is the first thing we smell. As such, aroma is all a soup needs."
Arapas: ...
Arapas: After that, (she/he) complimented the aroma of the soup I made. I've never forgotten that. That's why I won't believe a word you say!
Arapas: Ah! My Living Spring! "Apshvaana" live at its source. I waited so long for them to leave and only collected a pot of it...
Arapas: Ah, you're Nara friends of my sister! And Festival Utsava is coming!
Arapas: Arachatora, Arasaka, and Araphala wouldn't be so stupid if they grew up drinking this water. Only Arapacati, my sister...
Arapas: Do you know how difficult it is to make soup here? One minute it's rainy; one minute it's sunny.
Arapas: Forget that! I want my water! And I want Living Spring from there in particular!
Arapas: From underground! Forget that, why are you drinking my soup? Arapas worked very hard on that!
Arapas: Great Aramuhukunda! You want to add salt? What a horrifying idea!
Arapas: Hmm... It is the water from the river's source. The Living Spring that's cold and clean, just like moonlight.
Arapas: Hmm... Speaking of which, Varuna Contraption has been much more stable lately, and the weather has become normal again...
Arapas: Hmph! Both of you are bad Nara! Don't even think about tricking me with water from somewhere else!
(Opens inventory)
Arapas: Hmph! But since you're the Nara of this Festival Utsava, I'm sure you've received approval from Araja and Arapacati. So... I'll try making a soup with taste.
Arapas: Hmph! I'm sure it was a good Nara like that Nara who repaired Varuna Contraption! It wasn't soup thieves like the two of you...
Arapas: Hmph! The key to cooking must be collected every day, which is...
Arapas: Hmph! You Nara really know nothing about the forest. They live in the water, and they have four legs, a tail, and they bite.
Arapas: Hmph! You stole my soup! Sorry won't cut it!
Arapas: Huh? Oh. Next up, you have to make me a new pot of soup...
Arapas: I don't care who drank it! My soup is gone!
Arapas: I finally managed to make this pot of soup, but while I was away picking Fresh Harra Fruits, you...
Arapas: I've been collecting water throughout Apam Woods to make soup with. After collecting water samples as numerous as the leaves on a tree, I finally found the best "Living Spring."
Arapas: I've taught you how to make the soup. It's a soup approved by the Great Nara, so do give it a few more tries. But make sure you don't forget to use good water!
Arapas: Is there water that can give taste to soup?
Arapas: It must be Living Spring and no other!
Arapas: It's fine. I've found Living Spring, and my Supreme Delicacy is complete. It's in this pot... Oh, right...
Arapas: It's the only water source fit for Festival Utsava's supreme delicacy! You wouldn't get it even if I told you... Only that Nara from before...
Arapas: Land with salt is land without life, and Aranara will be forced to shrink into seeds. Yet Nara wish to add salt!?
Arapas: Mmm, this is how the supreme delicacy should smell!
Arapas: My soup... *sob* How could this happen...
Arapas: Next time, I'll look for even better water, so we can make even better soup!
Arapas: No! You must get me another pot of Living Spring!
Arapas: Really? Anyway, my cooking training has concluded. Alright, let's see what we can do about this at Festival Utsava!
Arapas: Soups are supposed to be bland! How do you Nara not even understand that!?
Arapas: That Nara from before told us a story after having a bowl of my soup:
Arapas: Water! It's water! Water has a huge impact on the aroma of my soup. So it has to be made with the best water!
Leaf With Careless Penmanship: "...The 17th time frost covered the leaves. After some tests, I noticed that water from tributaries is filled with sand and mud. It has an earthen taste. Not acceptable."
Leaf With Careless Penmanship: "...The 30th time frost covered the leaves. It's raining again. Not acceptable."
Leaf With Careless Penmanship: "...The 60th time frost covered the leaves. After some tests, I noticed that water from a river's main stem makes much more aromatic soup, but it still isn't enough. Not acceptable."
Leaf With Careless Penmanship: "...The 80th time frost covered the leaves. It rained as soon as I finished my soup. Luckily, I wore a hat. Hmm, the quality of this water isn't bad."
Leaf With Careless Penmanship: (A huge leaf. Someone has written on it with messy handwriting...)
Once you're done, you taste the fresh soup together.It sort of lives up to your expectations. It does carry the aroma of the ingredients...But a soup without any condiments is just too plain.It has no flavor at all.
Paimon: "Apshvaana"? What's that?
Paimon: ((Traveler), let's add some seasoning next time. It should be pretty good after that...)
Paimon: ...A—Are those crocodiles "Apshvaana"!?
Paimon: ...Dogs?
Paimon: Actually, it was us...
Paimon: Ah, right. Then what's an "Apshvaana"?
Paimon: Ahh... Huh? It smells good, but why doesn't Paimon taste anything?
Paimon: Alright, alright... (Traveler), we don't have a choice here. Let's go...
Paimon: Ar—Aranara? Where on earth did you come from?
Paimon: But if it's that difficult, why are you cooking here?
Paimon: But just aroma isn't enough...
Paimon: Eh-hehe... Don't be sad, at least your soup was really aromatic...
Paimon: Hey! (Traveler), how could you betray Paimon like that!?
Paimon: Hey, (Traveler)...
Paimon: Hey, don't be so mean! It just smelled too good to resist...
Paimon: Hmm... What do you think, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hmph! Don't you underestimate Paimon!
Paimon: Is that Living Spring? Hmm... Paimon doesn't think it's any different from ordinary water.
Paimon: It looks like some kind of soup. Hmm... Paimon can't tell what's inside...
Paimon: It smelled too good to resist...
Paimon: Mmm... That smells so good! Is someone cooking around here?
Paimon: Paimon is just so curious. Uh, Paimon will just take one mouthful, just one!
Paimon: Paimon thinks it would be better with some salt and pepper.
Paimon: Paimon would never expect "Apshvaana" to be crocodiles...
Paimon: Sorry...
Paimon: Speaking of which, Arapacati sent us...
Paimon: The person cooking it isn't here, and it smells so good. Let's have a mouthful while it's left unattended.
Paimon: Well, what's next...
Paimon: Whoa, what's cooking in there? Paimon's mouth is watering from just a whiff of it!
Paimon: Yay!
Receiving guidance from Arapas, you add some fruits and vegetables into the water and start cooking.A rather nice aroma slowly emerges from the pot.
The pot is smaller than it looks.The soup within it is all gone just like that.
You bring Arapas up to speed on the events so far...