 "Taste of happiness"?
 Aah! Paimon, you're so scary!
Paimon: Hey! Paimon just wants to help Arasaka!
 Arasaka.
Paimon: Arasaka! Are you Arasaka?
 Are you Arapacati's elder brother?
Paimon: That's smart!
 Hard bubble?
 I need water.
 I need water...
 I want to have happiness too.
 I'm a little embarrassed...
 Indeed.
 Is there something wrong?
 It's edible...
Iaanesh: An edible, white, and cubic thing...?
 It's for cooking...
Iaanesh: Cooking, white, cubic... Is it a seasoning?
 Quest DescriptionAccording to Arachatora, his brother Arasaka is doing "cooking training" near Gandharva Ville. Look for a pillar of smoke near Gandharva Ville!
 Really?
 Since I've promised Arapacati...
 Something white and cubic...
 Step DescriptionHelp Arasaka get the "Taste of Happiness" to complete the "Supreme Delicacy."
 Thanks.
 The "taste of happiness" you're talking about is...
 This is awkward...
 Too sweet...
 We knew a long time ago.
Arasaka: What!? A long time ago!? So you had your eyes on me long ago... W—What do you want from me...
Arasaka: Could it be the Zaytun Peaches? No! You can have anything else! But not my peaches!
 We only want to help you...
 Well, as long as you're happy.
 What's wrong?
 White Valuka?
 You said it yourself...
Arasaka: Problems are caused by a loose tongue. It's over! My name will be used in terrible curses... Please, please, spare me...
Arasaka: Other than giving you the Zaytun Peaches, I will do anything...
???: Eek! Nara... So tall, so scary...
???: Great. Hehe... I grew these Zaytun Peaches little by little, ever since they were seeds...
???: Grow, grow, turn into a delicious dish...
???: It's already scary when you guys didn't do anything. If you had really done something, it would scare me to death!
???: Please, I beg you... Don't pluck them...
???: Wait, no! Bad Nara! How could you do that to someone else's Zaytun Peaches?
???: W—Why does Nara have such a terrible habit...?
???: You consume the dew and grow up quickly...
Arasaka starts cooking right away and adds peaches and sugar into the pot...
Arasaka then hands the finished product to you and Paimon.As expected, it doesn't have much flavor other than the overwhelming "sweetness."Maybe this is just the "taste of happiness"...
Arasaka: "Taste of happiness". It's white, crumbles when you rub it... Turns into white Valuka, but is not hard and painful like Valuka. Stored in a hard bubble.
Arasaka: ...Okay, true, I can't get it. I... don't dare to enter Gandharva Ville. There are too many Nara there, and all the dead trees. I'm scared.
Arasaka: ...You didn't put anything strange in it, did you?
Arasaka: Ah, it's real... This is the "taste of happiness"! Hehe... This isn't the first time I tasted it, and yet I still feel happy.
Arasaka: Ah, what a happy flavor. It's exquisite.
Arasaka: Arachatora, Arapas, and Araphala all don't believe that the "taste of happiness" exists. I will make it and show them. And I want Nara to try it too.
Arasaka: Arapacati will surely like it...
Arasaka: Ara—Arapacati? Ah, my dear "younger sister," sunlight in the dense forest...
Arasaka: But... Hehe. It's true that the "taste of happiness" is happier when shared with friends.
Arasaka: Could it be the Zaytun Peaches? No! You can have anything else! But not my peaches!
Arasaka: Don't take it away, alright? I'll try it now, right now... Hmm...
Arasaka: Festival Utsava is coming. If I give up my cooking training and return to Vanarana now... No... But I can't skip Festival Utsava either...
Arasaka: He had a bulging thing on his back. It's what Nara use to carry things.
Arasaka: Hehe, "taste of happiness"... I tried it once.
Arasaka: Help me? With what? I—I can get it myself...
Arasaka: H—How was it? Did you find the "taste of happiness"? It's in Gandharva Ville...
Arasaka: I didn't expect to ever taste this again... Ah, but...
Arasaka: I had doubts about you guys in the beginning, but you didn't hold any grudge... and you helped me find the "taste of happiness"...
Arasaka: I have a Nara friend living inside. But a long, long time has passed. He's changed now and can't hear my voice.
Arasaka: I know! I had it with my friend at the time. So the "taste of happiness" has to be shared with friends for it to be delicious, right?
Arasaka: I know. Not long ago, I saw a Nara passing by here, going to Gandharva Ville. And he had it with him.
Arasaka: I really want to taste it again. I still remember the first time I tasted it and how happy I was. It was an amazing, amazing taste.
Arasaka: I said don't pick them! They're for the "taste of happiness"!
Arasaka: I was able to complete my Supreme Delicacy with your help and complete my cooking training...
Arasaka: It is different from the happiness I felt the first time I had it, but eating it with you guys... I feel a different kind of happiness.
Arasaka: It's just that there are a lot of Nara walking about, and one that smells like Nara Valuka. Ugh... Too many Nara! I'm scared... If there were fewer Nara, I could do it then...
Arasaka: I—I now just have to let them taste this Supreme Delicacy and they will understand what the "taste of happiness" is.
Arasaka: No, bad Nara! You're... You're not allowed to pick my peaches!
Arasaka: No, how is it nothing? You've helped me so much...
Arasaka: No, it can't be... There must be a way for me to be as happy as then...
Arasaka: No, it's not a difference in the taste. But when I ate it with my friend in the past... That was the first time I tasted the "taste of happiness"...
Arasaka: No, no, Arasaka... Think about it. You've worked so hard on these Zaytun Peaches for your cooking training... You cannot back out here. You are not scared...
Arasaka: N—No, wait! Don't take it away. Let me... Let me try...
Arasaka: Oh! H—How do you know my name... Where you Nara all come from... T—To know my name at first sight...
Arasaka: Other than giving you the Zaytun Peaches, I will do anything...
Arasaka: Problems are caused by a loose tongue. It's over! My name will be used in terrible curses... Please, please, spare me...
Arasaka: Really? You are not lying to me?
Arasaka: R—Really? Oh, I guess I must've put too much in one go, then.
Arasaka: So, I want to let Arapacati taste it. And when Festival Utsava starts, I want Nara to taste it too.
Arasaka: Somehow I feel that I was much happier back then. Why is that?
Arasaka: Sorry for calling you bad Nara. You must be good Nara because only good Nara can enter Vanarana and participate in Festival Utsava.
Arasaka: That must be it. You are good Nara, and you found the "taste of happiness." You, are my friends. I'm going to make it for you.
Arasaka: That's right, I know! I'll teach you how to make this dish so you can share the "taste of happiness" with your friends.
Arasaka: That's the one! I didn't think you would get it so quickly... Is it real?
Arasaka: The "taste of happiness" is not grown from the ground but made by Nara.
Arasaka: There has to be the "taste of happiness." Without it, Zaytun Peaches will just be Zaytun Peaches...
Arasaka: There's a Nara with a bulging thing on his back. The "taste of happiness" must be inside...
Arasaka: Th—That's not enough!
Arasaka: Ugh... How come Festival Utsava is already approaching... Oh, are you two the Nara who have come to participate in this Festival Utsava?
Arasaka: We sang together and tried the "taste of happiness" together. Every time I see the sunlight on branches, I will think of him. Every time I think of him, I remember the "taste of happiness."
Arasaka: We were in the forest together with the Nara friend, counting the number of patches of sunlight that fell between the leaves.
Arasaka: Well... How should I put this? The "taste of happiness" is the same as before. But for some reason, I don't feel as happy as the first time I tasted it...
Arasaka: What!? A long time ago!? So you had your eyes on me long ago... W—What do you want from me...
Arasaka: W—Why are you asking me? Do you want to take the "taste of happiness" before I do? How scary...
Arasaka: You didn't just make something up to trick me, right?
Iaanesh: "This white cubic thing is delicious! So awesome! The taste of happiness!" He was really amazed then.
Iaanesh: (Fingers crossed that I can get as much sold as possible today...)
Iaanesh: Aha, hahaha! White, cubic, crumbles when crushed, becomes sand... and can be eaten...
Iaanesh: An edible, white, and cubic thing...?
Iaanesh: Cooking, white, cubic... Is it a seasoning?
Iaanesh: Haha... It was so long ago, and now that I think about it, I don't even remember what he looked like.
Iaanesh: Heh. Of course, everyone comes here to get "a certain thing." But just saying "a certain thing" doesn't mean I know what this "certain thing" is.
Iaanesh: Hold it carefully. The hard bubble might be hard, but it can still break if dropped. "Hard bubble"! Hahahahaha!
(Obtain  Sugar ×1)
Iaanesh: I don't remember what happened later. I can't remember his name, or what he looked like...
Iaanesh: I only remember it being a really happy time. Then my father finally came back, and picked me up. I'd also thought to go back and look for him but I never had the opportunity, and I eventually forgot about this experience.
Iaanesh: I remember I was in the forest, and I made a friend. We ran around together, then...
Iaanesh: If it wasn't for you asking me for sugar, I would have forgotten about all these things. Why would it be like this...
Iaanesh: Isn't it just "sugar"!?
Iaanesh: It's not clear what it is from what you said, but what does this white and cubic thing you've described do?
Iaanesh: My family has always been a merchant group on the move, from The Chasm to Sumeru. We import rare gemstones from Liyue, then send spices over.
Iaanesh: Oh! I know! I know what you want... Hahaha...
Iaanesh: Oh! I'll give you this bottle of sugar as a gift in return for the laughter.
Iaanesh: Oh, hello... How can I help you?
Iaanesh: Once, because something came up... I can't remember. Anyway, my father left me in Gandharva Ville for a very long time.
Iaanesh: Ooh, I laughed so much I cried. I've focused on my business the past few years, and I don't even remember when was the last time I laughed like this...
Iaanesh: Speaking of which, it's really nostalgic. I remember a long time ago, when I was still a child, I once had a friend who ate sugar for the first time, and the friend said similar things.
Iaanesh: The hard bubble... Are you talking about the glass bottle that sugar is stored in? My goodness! Hard bubble! Hahahahaha...
Iaanesh: The use of the thing. You know what it's used for, right?
Iaanesh: What a peculiar description...
Iaanesh: White and cubic?
Paimon: (Hmm... If we modify the formula and add a little something extra, it should make a good snack...)
(Obtain Recipe: Selva Salad)
Paimon: (Traveler), that person over there, could he be the one Arasaka mentioned?
Paimon: A bulge on the back... Hm. It is probably a bag or a back basket.
Paimon: Arasaka! Are you Arasaka?
Paimon: Arasaka, this is the "taste of happiness" you wanted, right?
Paimon: But there are so many people in Gandharva Ville! Who should we ask for clues?
Paimon: Could it be that the sugar he gave us was not sweet enough?
Paimon: Easy now. We're actually here because of Arapacati's request.
Paimon: Got it! We'll help you find the "taste of happiness" now!
Paimon: He doesn't seem to notice us...
Paimon: Hello!
Paimon: Hello! You're Ara... Ara... What was it again?
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: Hey! Paimon just wants to help Arasaka!
Paimon: If you're worried, just try it yourself.
Paimon: It must be the Aranara!
Paimon: It was a little embarrassing, but at least we got it in the end. Let's bring this bottle of sugar to Arasaka now!
Paimon: It would be a miracle if we were able to make anything that made sense up from your description!
Paimon: It's nothing really...
Paimon: Let's go over and ask!
Paimon: Look, (Traveler). That one next to the pot must be the one we're looking for. Ara... Arasa...
Paimon: Nope!
Paimon: Of course not! Hmph! If you're not trying it, we're gonna take it away.
Paimon: Oh... Paimon gets it. Let Paimon put it this way: We want...
Paimon: Okay, we won't do it.
Paimon: Paimon can't figure it out. Where can we find that "taste of happiness"?
Paimon: Paimon sees. Then leave it to (Traveler) and Paimon! Right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Paimon thinks it's much too sweet too...
Paimon: Paimon's mood is different every time Paimon eats it too.
Paimon: Quite "happy."
Paimon: Right, and it crumbles like sand when crushed, and it has to be packed in a hard bubble!
Paimon: Right, we actually want a certain thing...
Paimon: So the "taste of happiness" is the sweetness of sugar...
Paimon: So the "taste of happiness" you're talking about can actually be found in Gandharva Ville.
Paimon: So, you're Arasaka.
Paimon: That's normal. Even if it's the same dish, the taste is different every time (Traveler) makes it...
Paimon: That's smart!
Paimon: We brought it back from Gandharva Ville.
(Open item menu)
Paimon: We didn't do anything and haven't picked them!
Paimon: What's so funny!?
Paimon: What? So it's sugar...
Paimon: White Valuka refers to white sand, right? Uh, but what's a hard bubble...?
Paimon: Why are you getting more nervous instead? Don't you still have the Zaytun Peaches you planted?
Paimon: Yeah, we're friends!
Paimon: Yes, this dish is quite...
You bring Arasaka up to speed on the events so far...