 Quest DescriptionThe Corps of Thirty is hiring an assistant. Interested candidates, kindly contact Effendi at the Citadel of Regzar.
 Recruitment?
Effendi: You came without having a look at it? Never mind, I'll explain.
 That's right.
Effendi: Very well then. I'll brief you on the gig in case it's not clear.
Effendi: And I'll offer you more important and complicated jobs by then.
Effendi: As to the specifics, most of them are cumbersome and detailed. I'll elaborate with examples.
(Opens the Reputation menu)
Effendi: Greetings, welcome to the Citadel of Regzar.
Effendi: I am Effendi, a liaison sent by the Akademiya to coordinate the cooperation between the Akademiya and the Corps of Thirty.
Effendi: If you decide to take the job, feel free to register for the commissions.
Effendi: If you stick to it, you'll surely heighten your Reputation among the residents, and they'll be more willing to accept you.
Effendi: Oh, I see, you came for the recruitment, right?
Effendi: That's the commission in general. It'd be great if you're willing and free to take it.
Effendi: That's the general picture of this job. I hope you can think it over.
Effendi: The logistics officer and I have agreed that you will be paid fairly for every gig you do.
Effendi: They are additionally responsible for dealing with some problems residents encounter in daily life, which compounds their workload.
Effendi: This is where the Corps of Thirty get in touch with each other and coordinate. I can see from your outfit that you are not one of them...
Effendi: To ease the pressure, I decided to recruit an assistant after consulting with the Parchamdar.
Effendi: Trivial as these commissions may be, I do hope you recognize the importance of this job.
Effendi: Very well then. I'll brief you on the gig in case it's not clear.
Effendi: You came without having a look at it? Never mind, I'll explain.
Effendi: You don't need to worry about city defense, just help us complete the residents' commissions.
Effendi: You may have known that the Corps of Thirty is hired by the Akademiya to guard the whole Sumeru City.
Effendi: You will be appreciated and respected by all who you have helped with their life.