
(Obtain Special Harra Fruit ×1)

(Obtain Special Mint ×3)
 It's nice to fish at a new spot.
 Leave them to me.
 Quest DescriptionKayvan the angler seems to be having some trouble...
 Step DescriptionBait materials are all ready. Let's take them to Kayvan, and see what he can catch.
 Step DescriptionThis time, Kayvan's bait requires one Sunsettia and one spike of Wheat. Plus, he demands another one Harra Fruit picked from a particular place...
 Step DescriptionThis time, Kayvan's bait requires one Sunsettia and one spike of Wheat. Plus, he demands another three Zaytun Peaches picked from a particular place...
 Step DescriptionThis time, Kayvan's bait requires one Sunsettia and one spike of Wheat. Plus, he demands another three portions of Mint picked from a particular place...
 That's what makes Mr. Kayvan so impressive.
 There are tons of fish in the river. Not so for relics.
 This is certainly one of a kind I guess...
 Well, a fisherman hooks this and that.
 Well, if it's Kayvan who casts the rod...
Kayvan: I cast my rod only to get fish, okay!?
 You are being desperate...
 You just keep fishing.
A third soaked package is pulled out of the water by the wire after a while.
Helbet: (Mr. Kayvan is actually... quite impressive...)
Helbet: Ah, this is another pack of the relics! Great!
Helbet: Alright, let me take a look... Good, there's no damage at all.
Helbet: And you've been fishing around a lot, so I thought I'd ask you to try casting your rod, see if you could get the relics...
Helbet: Argh! Look over there! So many Slimes!
Helbet: But there was an accident on the ship transporting the relics. Some dropped off the ship, floating down the river to the lower reaches.
Helbet: Come on, please help me. I've prepared your payment already.
Helbet: Eh... Eh?
Helbet: He's worked on the design of many popular fishing rods and baits.
Helbet: I didn't expect it to go so well. You've recovered two relics now! What a hook, Mr. Kayvan!
Helbet: I don't know exactly why you couldn't hook a fish. But... It doesn't hurt to ask a professional.
Helbet: I'm counting on you two. If you find the material, give it to Mr. Kayvan, so he can get to work as soon as possible.
Helbet: I'm paying you to catch fish! Please, I'm counting on you!
Helbet: It takes too long to find a suitable salvage team. I've heard people call you "Supreme Hookshot" and that you fish lost items up from the river nearly every day.
Helbet: Many thanks! Just follow me!
Helbet: Maybe he'll be interested in you.
Helbet: No problem. Please follow me!
Helbet: No, Mr. Kayvan. I am Helbet with the Akademiya.
Helbet: Perfect, Mr. Kayvan! The power of Supreme Hookshot, again!
Helbet: Please help me drive away the Slime! They could ruin our salvage!
Helbet: Please start fishing, or the relics could... I mean the fish...
Helbet: Please, do me a favor! I could really use your help!
Helbet: Sure. Leave the rest to me!
Helbet: The Akademiya found those antiques and I'm responsible for keeping them.
Helbet: The last fishing spot is near Vimara Village. A much safer place for fishing. Let's get moving.
Helbet: Then... How about this, I won't ask you to hook the relics for me, I just need you to go fishing at another place. What do you say?
Helbet: This is it! One of the lost antiques! Unscathed. No aquatic creature has gotten inside...
Helbet: This is... Let me check!
Helbet: This would be the last of the relics. Please find the materials to help Mr. Kayvan do his job.
Helbet: Well, Mr. Kayvan, if you are interested, I can introduce you to a researcher who specialized in fishing.
Helbet: Well, the relic at the first spot has been salvaged, and the next... fishing spot is just west of here.
Helbet: When all the relics are recovered, I will apply for more compensation as your payment.
Helbet: You actually hooked a relic! You are really the Supreme Hookshot!
Helbet: You guys are so good! Thanks a lot!
Kayvan begins to focus on fishing...
Kayvan catches a wet package after a long while.
Kayvan lifts the rod hard...
Kayvan prepares the bait and begins fishing.
Kayvan prepares the bait and begins fishing...
Kayvan: (I... I'll definitely catch a big fish...)
Kayvan: *sigh* Please help us deal with the Slimes...
Kayvan: Ahem! I've been training to do that with the pure thought in mind. Never thought about hooking other stuff.
Kayvan: Ahem, Miss Helbet, I feel sorry for what you have been through. But I'm only a fisherman.
Kayvan: But I haven't caught a single fish!
Kayvan: But do some bookworm researchers really know fishing?
Kayvan: But it's been so many times! Even one with the worst luck should have gotten some fish!
Kayvan: But none's ever come to me!
Kayvan: But you are right. This is my chance to see what's wrong with my skill.
Kayvan: Call me bad at fishing or whatever...
Kayvan: Did you find the materials?
(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, and Special Mint ×3)
Kayvan: Hey! I've been serious about catching a big fish, not antiques!
Kayvan: Hey, outlander, care to help me persuade this lady here?
Kayvan: Huh? I've never seen anything like this before.
Kayvan: I cast my rod only to get fish, okay!?
Kayvan: I cast my rod to catch fish and fish only.
Kayvan: I know a place where the Harra Fruit is the finest. I'll show you the location.
Kayvan: I need to concentrate. Please don't make any noise...
Kayvan: I shouldn't have said that...
Kayvan: I'm counting that on you, Traveler.
Kayvan: I've marked the general area. I'll leave it to you. After you bring the materials, I will go over the payment in detail with you.
Kayvan: Is that a compliment? Doesn't really make me happy...
Kayvan: Let me think... I'll be using Mint this time. But it needs to be collected from my usual spot.
Kayvan: Let's get rolling. The sooner I can go back and catch real fish in peace, the better.
Kayvan: Let's see what big fish lies for me here...
Kayvan: Looks like everything's going well. Time for one last fishing attempt.
Kayvan: Miss Helbet and I are going to the fishing spot first. We'll meet there.
Kayvan: Miss, why such a hurry? Trying to rake it in with the antiques?
Kayvan: Never mind. Traveler, please find some fresh Zaytun Peaches for me this time.
Kayvan: No can do. Please go.
Kayvan: No rush. I need to feel the flow of the water to ensure I can cast the rod with the peace of mind.
Kayvan: Oh... I almost forgot! Thank you for the help, Traveler. This is your payment. Please take it.
Kayvan: Okay. Here goes the fishing again.
Kayvan: Same as before, Traveler. Please help me find some materials for the baits.
Kayvan: Scared away my fish and taking up my time.
Kayvan: See it yourself... I don't want to look at it...
Kayvan: She came to ask me to salvage some antiques. Has been bugging me all day.
Kayvan: Since it's the last spot, I'll have to use my special bait.
Kayvan: So you'd better find someone else.
Kayvan: That was fast! You found the special material?
(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, and Fresh Zaytun Peach ×3)
Kayvan: That's pretty quick! Thanks!
Kayvan: Then go to a professional salvage team! Why bother a fisherman like me?
Kayvan: This is so weird. Is there something wrong with my bait, or the way I fish...?
Kayvan: Traveler, we'll be using Harra Fruit as bait this time. My gut tells me this is the most suitable material.
Kayvan: Ugh... I am a fisherman! A fisherman!
Kayvan: Wait, something big is on the hook!
Kayvan: We'll head off first. Let's meet at the next fishing spot.
Kayvan: What do I have here...?
Kayvan: What's this...?
Kayvan: Whew... Third time's a charm. Please let me hook some fish! Even a teeny-tiny one will do.
Kayvan: Yeah, haha... As long as you have what you wanted...
Kayvan: Yeah, yeah. Off we go...
Kayvan: You are back. Found the special material?
(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, and Special Harra Fruit ×1)
Kayvan: You guys are incessant... Fine, I guess I'll do that for a change. Where do you want me to fish?
Kayvan: You just don't believe I can hook a real fish, do you...?
Kayvan: You mean interested in the fact that I lift my hook with everything but fish?
Paimon: (Traveler), we should get the Harra Fruits back!
Paimon: Another wave of monsters at where Kayvan mentioned, again?
Paimon: Anyway, let's just get rid of those Slimes first!
Paimon: Done, we get the material!
Paimon: Hehe, it actually went pretty well this time.
Paimon: Hmm... This is strange indeed...
Paimon: If we want that Zaytun Peach, we gotta take them down!
Paimon: Let Paimon take a look. Hmm... The Mints are intact. Let's go back!
Paimon: Look at the bright side. We've recovered the relics. It's a good thing.
Paimon: One, two, three... These Zaytun Peaches should do. Let's bring them back to Mr. Kayvan.
Paimon: This is the place Kayvan mentioned. But Paimon doesn't see any special Mint...
Paimon: Three packs with three hooks... Yet not even one fish came to bite the hook...
Paimon: Wait, there are monsters? Could it be that the Mints are taken by them again? Weird...
Paimon: What's with all the troubles when Mr. Kayvan is fishing...
Paimon: Whatever. (Traveler), let's recover the Mints!
Paimon: Whoa! Where did this Whopperflower come from!?
Paimon: Whoa, what's with the quarrel?
Paimon: Why do the materials he chooses keep getting snatched by monsters...?
Paimon: You haven't caught even one fish...