
(Obtain Florescent Talisman)
 A big entry...?
 Actually, courage can never be stolen...
Arashakun: ?
Arashakun: But after "courage" was stolen, Arashakun felt weak in hands and feet...
 The courage is rooted in your heart...
Arashakun: Hmm... what Nara (Traveler) said, is hard to understand...
 But that's all you need to know, Arashakun.
 Do you know what it is, Paimon?
Paimon: There's no way Paimon would know that...
 I'm (Traveler).
 It might be from a Dendro hilichurl...
Paimon: What are you saying? It must be from an Aranara who lives here.
 It must belong to Aranara.
Paimon: Yeah, must be.
 Maybe it's something very precious.
 Maybe they carried it with them all the time.
 Our little Paimon's having trouble reading those small letters?
 Quest DescriptionRegaining "courage" has turned Arashakun into a different Aranara. Now, it is time to defeat the Furry Mask Demon King together with Arashakun!
 Quest DescriptionYou found a journal by the Aranara named Arashakun in an Aranara house. Despite losing "courage," Arashakun still decided to venture into such a dangerous place. Go check the situation out...
 That's a very Aranara answer...
Paimon: Paimon has no clue what this Furry Mask Demon King could be...
 The courage is rooted in your heart...
 The courage was in you all along!
 The talisman was just a symbol.
 We read the journal in the house.
 Yeah, so be careful with it...
Arashakun: Arashakun will!
???: *sob*... Help me, help me! Please, can someone out there save Arashakun from this scary cave?
Arashakun: "Arashakun is a good Aranara with courage, not a timid Aranara!"
Arashakun: "Courage" is not just the best gift from Nara friend, but also the most important thing to Arashakun.
Arashakun: *sob* If Arashakun hadn't lost "courage," Arakashun wouldn't have been so helpless...
Arashakun: *sob*... Arashakun is indeed my name... Eek, don't come so close so quickly!
Arashakun: *sob*... Nara (Traveler) is making this too complicated. Arashakun just know that there is "courage" only when I have the "Talisman of Courage."
Arashakun: *sob*... When Nara friend was taken, Arashakun was afraid of getting beat up by the Furry Mask Demon King, but was even more terrified of never seeing Nara friend again.
Arashakun: *sob*... Would Nara (Traveler) mind giving my "courage" back to me...?
(Submit Florescent Talisman)
Arashakun: A hilichurl?
Arashakun: After "courage" was stolen, Arashakun came to the cave of the Furry Mask Demon King to search, hoping to find clues for Arashakun to find "courage" again.
Arashakun: After that, Nara friend used flowers to make a "Talisman of Courage" and told Arashakun, "Arashakun is a good Aranara with courage, not a timid Aranara!"
Arashakun: Arashakun can feel it. Today... will be the day it meets its end!
Arashakun: Arashakun now has "courage" back. Nothing can stop me! I beat Furry Mask Demon King once before and I shall do it again!
Arashakun: Arashakun shall mark today with a big entry!
Arashakun: Arashakun understands. Arashakun will never let "courage" go missing again!
(Quest ends)
Arashakun: Arashakun will!
Arashakun: Arashakun with no "courage" has weak arms and legs, but Arashakun with "courage" can do all sort of amazing feats!
Arashakun: Arashakun's very grateful to you two for saving me, but I must still request that you keep a certain distance... *sob*
Arashakun: Are all Hillychuchu "Furry Mask Demon Kings"?
Arashakun: As long as Arashakun has "courage," Arashakun won't be scared no matter how many "masked monsters" come! They will never steal "courage" again! Arashakun won't allow that!
Arashakun: But Arashakun ended up getting surrounded by slimes in the cave... Fortunately, the Furry Mask Demon King didn't notice.
Arashakun: But I've been trapped here and am still... I—I haven't settled down yet. *sob* Please forgive me...
Arashakun: But after "courage" was stolen, Arashakun felt weak in hands and feet...
Arashakun: But even timid Arashakun had a Nara friend for a companion. That Nara friend was no mighty Nara Varuna, but was still a very good Nara!
Arashakun: But it's okay! Arashakun will guard it well from now on!
Arashakun: But one day, that Nara was taken by the Furry Mask Demon King...
Arashakun: Come out, "Furry Mask Demon King"! Arashakun challenges you to a battle this day!
Arashakun: Furry Mask Demon King is a furry demon king wearing a mask.
Arashakun: Golden Nara (Traveler) and Paimon... So, how come you know Arashakun's name?
Arashakun: Golden-haired Nara (Traveler) read the journal and came looking for Arashakun? Then rescued trapped Arashakun? Nara is so kind and so powerful.
Arashakun: He never teased timid Arashakun. When Arashakun felt scared, he would hold Arashakun's hand. He was a friend Arashakun would never forget.
Arashakun: Hmm... what Nara (Traveler) said, is hard to understand...
Arashakun: I'm sorry! Sorry for my rude request. Sorry for angering you...
Arashakun: Many moons ago, Arashakun was just like the Arashakun now, without "courage." Back then, even the sound of a twig snapping would keep Arashakun up at night...
Arashakun: No, no, no. Arashakun was so scared when saving Nara friend. Arms and legs, all shaky. But after getting "courage," Arashakun's arms and legs were not weak anymore.
Arashakun: No. Arashakun only had "courage" after getting it from Nara friend.
Arashakun: Okay, Arashakun understands.
Arashakun: Okay, thank you. May Arashakun get your names?
Arashakun: Really? Have you really found Arashakun's "courage," Nara (Traveler) and Paimon?
Arashakun: So Arashakun tried very hard! Closed eyes! Gritted teeth! Used hands and hit, and hit! Then saved Nara friend.
Arashakun: So from the on, Arashakun had "courage."
Arashakun: Thank you so much, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
Arashakun: That will make Arashakun feel a bit more comfortable...
Arashakun: That's it! With Nara (Traveler) and Paimon here, we can definitely take it down with ease!
Arashakun: The Furry Mask Demon King has done a lot of evil things. Please come with me, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. With your help, we'll defeat it for sure!
Arashakun: The Furry Mask Demon King was very cunning. Just thinking about it makes Arashakun shudder.
Arashakun: This is a story from long, long ago...
Arashakun: This is the "Talisman of Courage"! The flower has faded a bit after being apart from Arashakun for a few days.
Arashakun: Yeah, a big entry in big writing!
Arashakun: Yes, this is it, this is it!
Arashakun: Yes, with help from Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, Arashakun will lead the charge and be invincible! Even the devious Furry Mask Demon King will be no match!
Arashakun: ?
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "...Good Nara comforted Arashakun when Arashakun was frightened by a leaf that fell on his head. Good Nara is Arashakun's friend forever!"
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "Arashakun has 'courage' now and bravely fought the furry masked monsters. No Nara nearby will ever have to worry about getting bullied by the furry masked monsters again!"
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "But... must save Nara... Ohh..."
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "Furry Mask Demon King, arms very long, very scary. But Arashakun can do nothing after losing his 'courage'... Arashakun will go looking for it in the cave to the east..."
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "Nara (Traveler) is also a brave and kind Nara!"
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "Not just that, we also destroyed the Furry Mask Demon King together!"
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "Oh no... How did this happen? Arashakun's 'courage' is missing... The 'courage' Nara gave to Arashakun... It must have been stolen by the Furry Mask Demon King."
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "Oh no... Nara friend was taken by Furry Mask Demon King! It has such long arms. So scary..."
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "Ohhh... I can't believe there is a Nara willing to be Arashakun's friend. What a good Nara! The good Nara didn't mind timid Arashakun, and even taught Arashakun how to write Nara words..."
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "The Furry Mask Demon King has been defeated! Saved Nara friend, and Nara friend gave Arashakun 'courage'! Arashakun is not the same old timid Arashakun anymore."
Inconsistently-Written Notes: "With the help of the amazing Golden Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, Arashakun found 'courage' again!"
Inconsistently-Written Notes: (The first few pages contain very small and scribbled writing...)
Inconsistently-Written Notes: (The following pages are written in big, forceful handwriting...)
Inconsistently-Written Notes: (The handwriting becomes tinier and more flustered in the following pages...)
Inconsistently-Written Notes: (The handwriting shrinks back down in the latest pages...)
Inconsistently-Written Notes: (The most recent page of Arashakun's journal is written in huge letters.)
Paimon: (Whoa, Arashakun's attitude and tone are completely different now.)
Paimon: Ah...
Paimon: Arashakun with "courage" and without sure feel like two completely different Aranara.
Paimon: Arashakun, we might have found the courage you lost!
Paimon: Are you Arashakun?
Paimon: But the Furry Mask Demon King captured Arashakun's friend.
Paimon: But wasn't "Closed eyes! Gritted teeth! Used hands and hit, and hit, and hit!" very courageous?
Paimon: But your act to save your friend was already brave.
Paimon: Gotta say, the small ones hurt Paimon's eyes a little.
Paimon: Hello, is anybody here?
Paimon: Hey, Paimon reads letters in normal size just fine, thank you! Paimon's just not used to reading tiny letters, that's all!
Paimon: Hmmm, did this Arashakun not return after writing these most recent pages...?
Paimon: Hmmm, this flower thing has so much Dendro energy that it didn't even wither in the hands of the hilichurls.
Paimon: Huh? (Traveler), did you hear that? It sounds like someone's calling for help!
Paimon: Huh? These hilichurls dropped something strange...
Paimon: It seems to be made out of flowers. Weird, but these flowers are ordinary and were picked quite some time ago, yet they still haven't wilted.
Paimon: It's Paimon.
Paimon: It's okay, it's okay...
Paimon: Let's check out that cave in the east. The journal said that his courage is missing... Can "courage" really go missing? Paimon's curious...
Paimon: Let's go inside the house, (Traveler). Maybe whoever lost it is super bummed out right now!
Paimon: Looks like no one's here...
Paimon: Okay then, (Traveler), let's go and see what on earth that Furry Mask Demon King is supposed to be!
Paimon: Paimon can sense quite a lot of Dendro energy on it, and it's been discarded here, too...
Paimon: Paimon had her guesses... But as it turns out, the Furry Mask Demon King really was a hilichurl all along.
Paimon: Paimon has no clue what this Furry Mask Demon King could be...
Paimon: Speaking of which... Remember that thing we picked up from the hilichurls, (Traveler)? Do you think that's the talisman?
Paimon: That must be the "Furry Mask Demon King."
Paimon: The writing in this journal is big at times and real tiny at others. The big letters are fine, but...
Paimon: There's no way Paimon would know that...
Paimon: This house doesn't seem to have been occupied by any person... Err, Paimon means, any Aranara, in a while...
Paimon: This seems familiar to Paimon, (Traveler). This was in one of Aranara's paintings.
Paimon: Uh, no...
Paimon: Uh, so, is "Arashakun" the Aranara who wrote all this?
Paimon: Uh, yeah, sure...
Paimon: Wait, what's this Furry Mask Demon King you speak of?
Paimon: Wait, why are there so many hilichurls surrounding that house!?
Paimon: We read about that in the journal. What did you mean by missing "courage," Arashakun?
Paimon: Well, make sure you keep it safe and don't let the hilichurls steal it again!
Paimon: What are you saying? It must be from an Aranara who lives here.
Paimon: What? We just rescued you!
Paimon: Yeah, must be.
Paimon: Yep, let's return this to the Aranara as soon as possible.
Paimon: Yes, the "Furry Mask Demon King" is actually a hilichurl.