 Are you still looking after this flower?
 Don't overexert yourself.
Nermin: I won't! It's just a few bowls of Minty Bowl Soup, not a big deal at all!
 Draw Water
 Got it...
Nermin: Thanks! I'll treat you to another bowl of Minty Bean Soup when you get back.
 Granny Kulsoom taught you all that?
Nermin: Mm... Kinda. Granny Kulsoom knows everything. I always go to her when I have questions.
Nermin: I'm counting on you! One small can of water will do.
 I gave it some food.
 I think the kitten's full now.
 I'm somewhat of a cat expert.
Nermin: That would be great! Whenever I see cat paws, I'm worried that the cat'll pounce at me with its claws out...
 If this counts...
 Is he allowed to eat soup while at work?
Nermin: It's not gonna take up that much of his time. Besides, he's not too busy with work.
 Leave it to me.
 Nermin wants to give you this.
(Submit Nermin's Minty Bean Soup)
 Perhaps the kitten is hungry.
Nermin: That's also what Raef said. He even went around to feed the kitten...
Nermin: But the next day, the kitten came back to nibble on my flowers.
 Perhaps the kitten... enjoys chewing on plants?
Nermin: I'm not sure what it likes...
 Quest DescriptionNermin is putting a lot of work into taking care of that flower...
 The ingredients in your soup...
 Uh, I'm not done eating yet...
 What happened?
 You can take this bowl back!
 You seem so energetic...
Nermin: Well... Since I'm finally able to actually do something meaningful, I have to make the most out of it.
Lazy Cat: Meow? Meow meow meow!
Nermin starts making her special Minty Bean Soup...
Nermin starts watering the flowers...
Nermin: (I hope Raef won't overwork himself.)
Nermin: *sigh* And I thought watering them every day was the way to go... To keep the soil moist and stuff...
Nermin: *sigh* I hope the kitten doesn't get hungry too soon...
Nermin: After planting the Mint seeds, I took care of them just like how I take care of the flowers.
Nermin: Ah! Sorry, I got carried away... Here's the reward I promised. Thank you for helping out, Traveler.
Nermin: Anyway, please bring this Minty Bean Soup to Raef.
Nermin: Anyway, thanks for agreeing to help. I'll mark the kitten's favorite spot on your map...
Nermin: As time went on, the Mint grew and matured...
Nermin: Because that means the soil has been "soaked through." You need to water them once every three days...
Nermin: But I don't want to chase it away either. If it leaves the village, it'll have nowhere to go but to the desert...
Nermin: But I'm sure it's gonna taste different!
Nermin: But it's a good thing, because I don't have to fetch water everyday anymore. The stepwell's really far away.
Nermin: But the next day, the kitten came back to nibble on my flowers.
Nermin: Did you fetch the water?
Nermin: Done! Hmm... It doesn't look any different than the regular Minty Bean Soup...
Nermin: Granny Kulsoom says that when you're watering plants, you should stop when the water starts seeping out from below the flower pot.
Nermin: Great! I hope it doesn't mess up my flowers again... Cat food is supposed to taste better than flower leaves, after all.
Nermin: Great! I'm gonna start watering the flowers. Please wait a second...
Nermin: Hey, I was just joking! I'll give you a nice reward for your help.
Nermin: I asked someone to buy most of the ingredients for me, but as for Mint... I grew them myself.
Nermin: I have to continue trimming the leaves. In the meantime, could you fetch a small can of water for me?
Nermin: I have to make a few more servings for Granny Kulsoom. Ebeid and Hilmi said they wanted to try some too...
Nermin: I have to prepare some for Nawaz and Ramiz as well...
Nermin: I have to prepare some for Nawaz and Ramiz as well...
(Obtain  Nermin's Minty Bean Soup ×3)
Nermin: I just need you to pick three Zaytun Peaches for me. They're Raef's favorite fruit.
Nermin: I thought it would be a waste to use them on one single pot of flowers... So I asked Azalai to buy some Mint seeds for me.
Nermin: I wanna add them to my Minty Bean Soup and bring it to him.
Nermin: I won't! It's just a few bowls of Minty Bowl Soup, not a big deal at all!
Nermin: I'm counting on you! One small can of water will do.
Nermin: I'm counting on you, Traveler. Find some Zaytun Peaches and bring them back to me.
Nermin: I'm not sure what it likes...
Nermin: I've talked to Kazan. He said I could water the flowers today.
Nermin: It's not gonna take up that much of his time. Besides, he's not too busy with work.
Nermin: Look at this leaf over here... That one too! They all have large chunks bitten off!
Nermin: Meanwhile, I'm gonna stay here and watch my flowers in case another little cat comes along and takes a chunk off the leaves...
Nermin: Mm... Kinda. Granny Kulsoom knows everything. I always go to her when I have questions.
Nermin: Now that I know how to make Minty Bean Soup, I just need someone to get the Zaytun Peaches for me.
Nermin: Oh no... There's more bitten leaves...
Nermin: Oh, and you shouldn't water them too often, or else the roots will rot.
Nermin: Raef gave me a set of gardening tools and some fertilizer.
Nermin: So I picked some and made this Minty Bean Soup. What do you think? Tastes pretty good, huh?
Nermin: Thank you. I need to cut them into pieces, then put them in my Minty Bean Soup...
Nermin: Thanks for your help, Traveler. Here, this is your reward.
Nermin: Thanks! I'll treat you to another bowl of Minty Bean Soup when you get back.
Nermin: That would be great! Whenever I see cat paws, I'm worried that the cat'll pounce at me with its claws out...
Nermin: That's also what Raef said. He even went around to feed the kitten...
Nermin: The kitten just munches on leaves for now. What if it starts biting the stems? ...That would be a disaster.
Nermin: The watering can is over there. Be careful when drawing water. Don't let too much mud get into the can!
Nermin: Things like loosening soil, regularly trimming leaves, getting rid of bugs using various methods...
Nermin: Traveler, could you help me feed the kitten again? I hope it doesn't come nibbling at my flower leaves again. They're not even tasty to begin with...
Nermin: Traveler, did you find the kitten?
Nermin: Traveler, have you found the Zaytun Peaches?
(Submit  Zaytun Peach ×3)
Nermin: Traveler, look! That kitten is chewing on my flowers again!
Nermin: Traveler, perfect timing! Come have a taste of the Minty Bean Soup I made.
Nermin: Traveler, please bring this bowl of Minty Bean Soup to Raef.
Nermin: Ugh... Why are there so many bugs on the leaves?
Nermin: Um... Since you ate my Minty Bean Soup, you have to do me a favor.
Nermin: Well... Since I'm finally able to actually do something meaningful, I have to make the most out of it.
Nermin: Whew. This should do it...
Nermin: Whew... Loosening the soil like this should work...
Nermin: Which tool should I use for trimming leaves...
Nermin: Why does the kitten like nibbling on leaves...? I wonder what they taste like...
Nermin: Yep. Granny Kulsoom gave me a lot of tips on taking care of flowers.
Paimon: Gah, this one's full of sand and mud. Let's try getting water someplace else, shall we?
Paimon: It really likes the food. Paimon guesses this will do. Let's report back to Nermin.
Paimon: Look, the kitten's over there! Let's approach it quietly.
Paimon: This should be the cat Nermin was talking about. Let's give it some food.
Paimon: Well, this should do the trick! Let's bring this water back to Nermin!
Paimon: Whoa! We aren't bad guys! Don't get so worked up!
Paimon: Whoa, that bucket's more filled with mud and sand than water. This won't do. Let's draw water elsewhere...
Raef: (I hope Nermin will cheer up.)
Raef: Hey Traveler! Didn't expect to see you here. Do you need any help from me?
Raef: Minty Bean Soup... Did Nermin make this herself?
Raef: Not that it's a bad thing. At least she won't be spending all her time worrying about her health.
Raef: Oh, and here's a little something for you. Thank you for coming all the way here.
Raef: So that's why she's been acting all mysterious lately. I heard that she bought a few flower pots, too... I wondered what she planted in them.
Raef: There's still another batch of goods I need to take care of. Once I bring them back into the village, I'll try her soup.
You place the food in front of the wary cat.