
(Khaj-Nisut reveals itself)

Samail's Missive
The merchant has given us the location of the traitor. There is more than one key, so you don't have to obtain it by force.In case someone questions you, find a way to leave immediately and don't ever mention our quarrel with that woman.If this works out, we'll be able to deal with her.Samail
 (Jebrael? Why?)
 And as for this stone slate...
 And the Golden Slumber...
 Are you still unable to let go of King Deshret's secrets?
Paimon: Huh? But Jebrael said that even years of research with Ufairah amounted to nothing... So how would relying on Tirzad really change anything...?
Tirzad: Why wouldn't you believe in my skills? Listen, we're going to fill in the blanks tomorrow. In truth, I already know how I'm going to write my paper!
 Benben.
Jebrael: Yes, and the stone slate.
 But all that matters is Jeht is safe.
 But you were sooo suspicious of them just a while ago...
Tirzad: Th—things change! I fully trust Jebrael now. He certainly isn't on Samail's side, at least. Uh, he isn't, right?
 Don't apologize.
 Don't make Bonifaz worry, now!
"Cyrus": (It shakes its head from side to side.)
 He fulfilled his promise...
 I have so many questions...
 I think Jebrael has changed his ways.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't think Jebrael's a bad guy either. Anyway, that guy Samail has a weird way of speaking! It's best not to believe everything he says.
 Jebrael is his enemy.
Paimon: Yeah, so they're definitely not on the same side.
 I want to sit on it too.
 I want to talk about King Deshret.
Tirzad: To be honest, I'm starting to doubt the credibility of the articles I've read...
Tirzad: That prayer... It gives me a strange feeling that I can't put a finger on. And Samail too... What he said... I think I should study it further once I get back.
Tirzad: Of course, my main mission is still to write my paper like I originally planned.
 I will never cower.
Paimon: Alrighty then! Forward it is!
 It feels like we're missing a little something here.
 It's not Mora, is it?
Nachtigal: Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if he was here for the Mora! After all, someone like Tirzad who's foolish and rich... *cough* Uh, I mean generous, is pretty hard to come by.
Tirzad: I'm not drunk, you know! I heard it all!
 Jebrael is his enemy.
 Just like in life.
 Let's give her a moment to herself.
 Let's talk about Jebrael.
Tirzad: To think that I remained doubtful of him until the end. I'm such an awful person...
Tirzad: Now, all I have for him is gratitude...
Tirzad: I've never been able to commit before this, whether in academics or in life... But that ends now. I will take the path I believe in, no matter how difficult it may be...
Tirzad: This is the least I can do to pay my respects to him...
 Let's talk about Jeht for a moment.
Tirzad: *sigh* I, too, wish that I could do something for her, but...
Tirzad: I can't...
Tirzad: And she refuses to say anything. If she would just speak her desire, I would be willing to do anything in my power to help her...!
 Maybe the trial is to defeat them.
 Maybe we should start with his relationship with Samail?
 Nothing is more important than family.
 Oh, so they'd like to sit back and claim the fruits of our work?
 Quest DescriptionThe merchants and their Sumpter Beasts waiting in the oasis might be in danger. Hurry back to the camp in the oasis to secure Nachtigal's safety.
 Samail should be aware that he can.
 Sitting on a seat that doesn't belong to you won't end well.
 So our encounter with Samail was a coincidence?
 So that's what you meant by the Eternal Dreamland?
 Step DescriptionAccording to Jebrael, it seems that only those who have passed the three trials will be worthy of seeing Al-Ahmar... Whatever the case is, you must find a way to pass the three trials.
 Step DescriptionAs Samail wishes, he seems to have entered the Golden Slumber in Al-Ahmar's promise... But his subordinates, who are clearly clueless of what is happening, begin attacking you... You must defeat them.
 Step DescriptionAs expected, Khaj-Nisut now shows itself. King Deshret's throne should be right up ahead. Keep exploring.
 Step DescriptionFollow Jebrael's guidance for now and go to the next oasis to set up camp
 Step DescriptionGo to the marked place on the map and explore.
 Step DescriptionNow you have passed the three trials, will the path to King Deshret's throne be opened? Return to the marked place on the map to check it out.
 Step DescriptionThe assaulting Eremites really are Samail's people? You must defeat them quickly to save Nachtigal.
 Step DescriptionThe throne is right in front of you, approach with caution.
 Step DescriptionThere might be clues in the camp, search for them thoroughly.
 Step DescriptionThough Tirzad believes that King Deshret's throne must be located at a greater height that matches its hallowed position, it seems that the upward way must first take a downward turn...
 Step DescriptionTime to conclude this archaeological expedition... Return to Aaru Village to meet Bonifaz.
 Step DescriptionYou have arrived at the marked place on the map but there are not the ancient ruins as expected... The Eremites around reached here earlier than you did, perhaps they know something. Go and "ask" the Eremites about the situation.
 Step DescriptionYou have found the encrypted message. Perhaps Jebrael is able to decipher the hidden information.
 Thanks for carrying all that stuff!
"Cyrus": (It shakes its head from side to side.)
 The Eremites are nothing.
Paimon: Yeah, we've fought worse.
 The stone slate.
Jebrael: That's right.
 Then what's your goal on this trip, Jebrael?
 There can be no trust without honesty.
 This isn't the time for fighting amongst ourselves.
 Tirzad's knowledge.
Tirzad: Well, it does make sense that they can't advance without the guidance of a professional like me, yes.
Paimon: ...Oh? Is that really how it is?
Jebrael: We wouldn't have been able to approach the core without Tirzad's stone slate and Benben.
 Tirzad's words are not without merit...
Paimon: Well, Paimon really wants to believe Jebrael, but he hasn't told us much about his past either.
Paimon: That weird guy popped up and claimed to be his old companion, but Jebrael didn't even deny it...
 There can be no trust without honesty.
Paimon: Right, if you'd just tell us the truth, Jebrael, Paimon believes that everyone can be understanding!
Paimon: Anyway, Jeht's his daughter. Paimon really can't imagine someone who raised Jeht as being a bad guy...
 You really have a way with words, don't you?
Tirzad: You think so? You should read my papers. I reckon I'm much better at writing than speaking!
Paimon: Even Paimon knows that wasn't a compliment!
"Cyrus": (It shakes its head from side to side.)
"Cyrus": (The Sumpter Beast seems to recognize you, shaking its head from side to side as it does.)
(The player is teleported to Aaru Village)
Benben: ...Bee-eep!
Benben: Bee-eep! Beep...
Benben: Bee-eep!? Beep...
Benben: Bee-eep? Beep...
Benben: Beep... Bee-eep?
Benben: Beep... Beep-boop beep... Bee-eep...
Benben: Beep?
Bonifaz: (To think how Omid and Mirsad didn't hesitate even a bit when telling me they're gonna quit...)
Bonifaz: *sigh* I'm really sorry about what happened to Jebrael. But at least all of you returned safely.
Bonifaz: But we can't let Cyrus take risks. You look pretty strong to me, so why don't you carry our goods instead?
Bonifaz: Come to us if you need anything. We'll do our best to help you.
Bonifaz: Forget it, let's discuss this later. Anyway, Cyrus got back safely. That's at least something to be happy about, right? I'm never letting it go to such a dangerous place again.
Bonifaz: Huh? What do we do? We can't handle all the work with only the two of us. We've gotta hire more people! But who'd want to come to Aaru Village...
Bonifaz: This may be bad timing, but I have to ask about what all of you plan to do now...
Bonifaz: To think that something like that happened... Anemo Archon bless us all...
Bonifaz: Where are Omid and Mirsad? Are they...
Bonifaz: Yeah... Anyway, Nachtigal and I will be staying here for a while.
Eremite Mercenary: Hmph! Acting dumb won't save you! Take this!
Eremite Mercenary: What happened to Samail? None of you will leave this place alive!
Eremite Mercenary: Who are you? Hah! The researcher and the traitor? Good! Give us the stuff Samail mentioned!
Jebrael recites the song he sang softly at night in the oasis.
Jebrael: "O stars high above the wasteland, O nightingales weary from the day. It's time to take off the crown of roses; Cleanse yourself with wine made from grapes."
Jebrael: "O stars high above the wasteland..."
Jebrael: (Get ready.)
Jebrael: (I must make sure that they leave safe and sound...)
Jebrael: (Now is not the time.)
Jebrael: (Traveler), get ready for battle!
Jebrael: ...
Jebrael: ...As I said, there were ill feelings between Samail and me.
Jebrael: ...Enough! If you wish to sit on Al-Ahmar's throne, then do so as you please. I won't stop you, and I won't let Tirzad do that either.
Jebrael: ...Even if I had to gut him ten times... even a hundred times! I wouldn't hesitate at all.
Jebrael: ...I may not be able to even convey a thousandth of her beautiful qualities. But if you're willing to listen... I will tell you everything I know.
Jebrael: ...I refuse to yield. Jeht is right. I'm a man of my word. I promised to protect them... until the end!
Jebrael: ...I wanted to return to this place?
Jebrael: ...No, you're my enemy! My dream is... is...
Jebrael: ...We can't avoid a fight once everything has been uncovered. But Jeht, (Traveler), neither of you will run from a fight, right?
Jebrael: A man chained by hatred cannot raise a daughter.
Jebrael: A researcher that can't unlock the secrets of Al-Ahmar is worthless to Thutmose...
Jebrael: According to this coded letter, Al-Ahmar's throne only shows itself to the worthy who have passed the three trials.
Jebrael: After Jeht was born, I kept asking myself if I could still wholeheartedly carry out the missions Thutmose gave me as I had been doing in the past.
Jebrael: All of you heard Samail, yes? Well, he was telling the truth.
Jebrael: And we just happen to have what they need.
Jebrael: As for Ufairah... If I have the chance, I'll tell you everything, Jeht. Time will gradually filter away the bitter impurities... though I'm not good with words.
Jebrael: But Samail saw through my weakness.
Jebrael: But that day is still very, very far away. It will definitely not be now... She knows that I have a mission to complete.
Jebrael: But they won't be able to get what they want if we get stuck here too.
Jebrael: But you're not the only one who can decide "our" will!
Jebrael: Could I still tolerate what Samail was doing?
Jebrael: Don't worry, I won't quit halfway.
Jebrael: Hah, but this is a meaningless delusion that even Al-Ahmar would pay no attention to. I can only pray she has found peace amidst the endless ocean of sand...
Jebrael: Haha! I finally get it... Samail, you're right. There will be no "me," only "us"...
Jebrael: He even thought that I would have no reason to leave Thutmose once Ufairah was gone.
Jebrael: He got what he wanted. He's inside the Golden Slumber that Al-Ahmar promised, the Eternal Dreamland...
Jebrael: He may be in the shadows, but we're prepared for him. I won't let him touch you.
Jebrael: He will stop at nothing to achieve his objectives. That's the kind of person Samail is.
Jebrael: His consciousness has departed from this world and now only exists within the Eternal Dreamland. No one can stop him... unless...
Jebrael: I didn't mention all of this to you because it was my own selfish dream, and it had nothing to do with Jeht. I didn't want to make her bear any burdens she doesn't have to.
Jebrael: I don't think I owe Tirzad anything. He wanted a paper that could shock the academic world, and now he has material that no one else has. I've helped him accomplish his objective.
Jebrael: I must admit that it was a very risky gamble...
Jebrael: I opened the path to Al-Ahmar's throne for you, and I used Tirzad and (Traveler) to make Khaj-Nisut manifest itself.
Jebrael: I underestimated the degree of his obsession... He was able to preserve his individuality amidst the sea of consciousness, and he is even trying to use Al-Ahmar's power to devour us all...
Jebrael: I was worried about losing them, so I didn't bring them along. I left them and some luggage with Bonifaz. Once we return to Aaru Village and get our luggage...
Jebrael: I will assist you in unlocking the secrets of Al-Ahmar and protect you until the end. Samail will not obstruct us, because I will clear him out of your way.
Jebrael: I won't let you win!
Jebrael: I'll take the night watch. Don't stay up too late.
Jebrael: I'm inside... the Golden Slumber promised by Al-Ahmar?
Jebrael: I... I do my best.
Jebrael: I... I'm willing to explain, to repay you for your trust. But the journey is our current priority.
Jebrael: If taking revenge on Samail could bring Ufairah back to life... A good deal like that...
Jebrael: If they solve King Deshret's puzzle before us, these ruins probably won't be the same when you return, Tirzad.
Jebrael: In the end, Ufairah and I decided to use hitting a bottleneck in her research as an excuse to take Jeht away from the desert, and away from Thutmose.
Jebrael: Instead of taking them from us, they have a better way to get what they want.
Jebrael: Is it Samail...? Oh no! If he gained Al-Ahmar's wisdom, then even if it's just for an instant, he would have gained Al-Ahmar's authority...
Jebrael: It's a song that Ufairah deciphered from Al-Ahmar's texts.
Jebrael: It's fine, Jeht. I'm willing to accompany you wherever you want to go. As for Ufairah... I'll tell you about her, if you're willing to listen.
Jebrael: Just like him, I was a member of the Eremite band named "Thutmose." However, I betrayed him and Thutmose both.
Jebrael: King Deshret's wisdom is not something that may be comprehended by common folk.
Jebrael: Let's go. Al-Ahmar's throne is higher up — it is close.
Jebrael: Let's go. The final puzzle awaits.
Jebrael: My goal?
Jebrael: No one can move freely between the Eternal Dreamland and reality. It seems like Ufairah was right. Samail is gone forever.
Jebrael: No! Ufairah taught me that I'm not just some part of you, I'm an independent person! I have my own dreams... I won't go back!
Jebrael: No, I'm the "Treacherous Grit"! I abandoned the Thutmose and chose a different path...
Jebrael: No, let's go have a little "chat" with them.
Jebrael: No, no! I'm here to stop you! My mission is to protect... I must protect Jeht and the others...
Jebrael: Now, give Jeht to me, and we'll be even.
Jebrael: N—No, that's not it. I thought I'd never have to mention this to anyone ever again... In the end, it was all my fault.
Jebrael: Our destination tomorrow, Khaj-Nisut, is where Al-Ahmar's throne lies. According to the legends of the desert, only the chosen are worthy to kneel before the throne...
Jebrael: Our years spent exploring together did bear some fruit. But... it wasn't enough for Thutmose.
Jebrael: Perhaps a day will come when I shall meet her again in the Eternal Oasis.
Jebrael: Perhaps it's as Jeht said. Coming to the desert is like returning home, and in the end, I'm a grain of sand. I was born here, and I shall be buried here as well.
Jebrael: Samail is watching us, so we aren't safe right now. I may not want to admit it, but he knows me just as well as I know him.
Jebrael: Samail, the twin blades of Thutmose are equal. So... die here with me!
Jebrael: Samail, we've solved everything for you and brought you to the throne. Your dream... should be fulfilled. Jeht is useless to you, so why keep her?
Jebrael: Samail...
Jebrael: Shh, look over there.
Jebrael: So, I "invited" her to the desert and explored many ruins with her.
Jebrael: So, we can use this against them.
Jebrael: That's right.
Jebrael: That's why I left the sands behind me, so that Jeht could get away from all of this... and those feelings that will not edify her.
Jebrael: The mechanisms here probably stopped working a long time ago. We've got to find a way to reactivate them.
Jebrael: The times have changed. If I have a chance to look upon the Golden Slumber that Al-Ahmar promised... I'll be able to fulfill the lifelong wish that Ufairah and I share.
Jebrael: There were ill feelings between me and Samail, but I only regarded myself as an insignificant grain of sand. I did as Thutmose needed of me.
Jebrael: There's a lot to discuss, but let's set up camp first.
Jebrael: There's her research notes too... But I don't know if you'll be interested in those.
Jebrael: There's no need to argue with him, Jeht. It's my fault.
Jebrael: There's no time to lose. I promised to keep you safe, until the end... I can't let you all die here!
Jebrael: They just lack something crucial, so they can't advance.
Jebrael: They may be precious relics to you researchers from the Akademiya, but they clearly aren't to the Thutmose. It's all just a process, a phase...
Jebrael: They only care about the final objective... Results are what matters to them.
Jebrael: They probably stayed for a while. Let's look around, there might still be some clues.
Jebrael: Those Thutmose folks may believe in King Deshret, but that doesn't mean they won't touch the ruins. If he can't do it through ordinary means, Samail will use other means...
Jebrael: Those who offer the correct prayer to Al-Ahmar will be granted entry into the Golden Slumber, but it's a one way trip.
Jebrael: Tirzad, do you still not get it? We have no other choice now.
Jebrael: Tirzad, we hold different opinions on Al-Ahmar, but you are one of the researchers from the Hindi Clan. As long as we reach the throne...
Jebrael: Tirzad, your expedition should be over now. We've explored the entire Khaj-Nisut, and you now have all the knowledge you need for your paper...
Jebrael: To that end, I will do as we agreed and protect you to the end.
Jebrael: Ufairah and I were like a bird and a fish, but Al-Ahmar's secrets allowed our fates to intertwine. Now, you and I, people from different lands, are again here for those very same secrets.
Jebrael: Ufairah made this inference about Al-Ahmar's promise...
Jebrael: Ufairah was a capable researcher, and the Thutmose coveted her wisdom. They hoped to use her knowledge to solve the puzzle Al-Ahmar left behind.
Jebrael: Unless someone stops and defeats him in the Eternal Dreamland... I must... I must protect you...
Jebrael: Watch out!
Jebrael: We can use this against them.
Jebrael: We must defeat Samail, who has stolen Al-Ahmar's power. But his physical form in this world must've been destroyed already...
Jebrael: We must leave immediately!
(A challenge begins: Flee Khaj-Nisut!)
Jebrael: We should move — but be wary of the viper in the shadows...
Jebrael: We should start considering how to get back safely now... I promised to protect you until the end, and I'll keep my word.
Jebrael: We still have time. We should travel to the next oasis and rest there in preparation for the next leg of this expedition.
Jebrael: We wouldn't have been able to approach the core without Tirzad's stone slate and Benben.
Jebrael: We're the latecomers here. They've been here for quite some time, and they've made some discoveries, of course.
Jebrael: What is this place?
Jebrael: When I was still with the Thutmose, we used to leave messages for each other in code just like this.
Jebrael: When that day comes, spring water will replace salt water, joy will wash away the pain, roses will never wither, and the feasts will never end...
Jebrael: Yes, and the stone slate.
Jebrael: Yes, they'd prefer it if we solved everything for them.
Jebrael: Yes... and no. Thutmose will never give up an opportunity to unlock Al-Ahmar's secrets. I thought that we might encounter them, but I never expected that we would run into Samail.
Jebrael: You're the one who's lost their mind, Samail, not me. The Golden Slumber that Al-Ahmar promised us isn't like this... It's not a sad place with only "we" and no "I."
Jeht's Voice: (...Father! Father!)
Jeht's Voice: (I refuse to believe it! He always keeps his promises! He promised to tell me about my mother... All of you heard him! He wouldn't lie to me! He never lies to me! *sob*...)
Jeht's Voice: (Leave if you want! Father... Father will be back. He'll be so sad if he couldn't find me when he wakes up... I won't leave him!)
Jeht, forgive me. You'll have to go on alone from now on... No, I'm sure you won't forgive me. After all, it's my first time breaking a promise to you.I hear the voices of many here. I think I hear Ufairah too. She's humming the song of her home.Oh... If only you could hear it too. Why couldn't I have told you a little more about her? Her soft curly hair... and that innocent smile of hers.I have so many things I want to share with you, but I'm no longer able to distinguish if they are my memories... or "our" memories...
Jeht: (Father... Why...)
Jeht: (Is Benben a she or he?)
Jeht: (What's going on?)
Jeht: *sob* Father...
Jeht: ...
Jeht: ...Father?
Jeht: ...Is it really over? This doesn't feel real...
Jeht: ...To the Eternal Oasis. I hope they'll find true peace there.
Jeht: Actually, I've been meaning to ask... You clearly can't hold your alcohol, so why are you so fond of drinking?
Jeht: Benben, stop running off with bad people. Once Tirzad has uncovered all the secrets here, he can head back and write his masterpiece... And you can come home with me and father.
Jeht: But... if bringing up these memories will bring you sorrow, then I'd rather not hear about them. Just leave them buried here!
Jeht: Did you do it because of mother?
Jeht: Father and I will be free once we escort Tirzad back safely! Hehe, then we can go wherever we want.
Jeht: Father said he hoped he could meet her again in the Eternal Oasis... He said that day was still very, very far away... Liar! He lied to me, and to my mother...
Jeht: Father wouldn't do something like that!
Jeht: Father! B—But how are you going to come back? Didn't you say that no one can move freely between the Eternal Dreamland and reality?
Jeht: Father! What's going on? That prayer...
Jeht: Father...
Jeht: Father... He was so busy, he never had the time for anything... He didn't leave anything behind, just that axe he always used...
Jeht: Father... I—I didn't know anything. I even said that you did all this because you couldn't forget the desert and the hot winds here...
Jeht: Haha! Tirzad, do you think we're going over there to invite them for tea?
Jeht: He can be hostile all he wants. I'm angry too! Forget Tirzad, even I've never heard about my father's past!
Jeht: He should keep his own promise! Now I have to fulfill it for him, and... take his axe and mother's research notes, which he kept with his luggage...
Jeht: Hmm, it is possible. Besides Tirzad, we must protect Benben well too.
Jeht: Hmm, that's true. Tirzad's commission isn't over, so I can't slack off just yet.
Jeht: How strange... It feels like they didn't go all out. What did they mean when they mentioned Samail's orders?
Jeht: I don't care what happened in the past! As far as I'm concerned, you have nothing to do with Samail now, and that's enough for me!
Jeht: I found out that my father is from this tribe called "Tanit"... So, I plan to look for them... Perhaps they can tell me about my father...
Jeht: I refuse to believe he's an evil person, but it's his secretiveness that caused all of this.
Jeht: I'll stop liking the sand, and I'll stop treating this place as home...
Jeht: If you hate it here, let's just leave right now! Forget Samail...
Jeht: Just like how Paimon stays with (Traveler), I'm sure you and I will be best companions. Hehe.
Jeht: M—My head's a mess. Father, can you sing that song again? "O stars high above the wasteland..." It always calms me.
Jeht: None of this would have happened if he told us everything from the beginning! Ugh! Now I don't even know where to start.
Jeht: Of course. I've decided to punch that guy in the face when we meet again.
Jeht: Oh! I'm not talking about the desert, by the way. I mean literally anywhere!
Jeht: So that makes him formless... Then how can we defeat him? Don't tell me he's invincible in the Eternal Dreamland...?
Jeht: Something seems to be the matter with Benben. It seems like... it wants to go down?
Jeht: Sorry, I just... I haven't... I'm sorry...
Jeht: Sorry... I'm still not very good at controlling my emotions.
Jeht: Thank you, but... it's alright. While I was taking a quick look through my mother's research notes, I noticed what seemed like casual diary entries on the edges of the pages.
Jeht: Thank you... May your travels be smooth.
Jeht: That was my mistake. It has nothing to do with him!
Jeht: To be honest, I want to know about the past, I want to know how you and mother met each other and fell in love, I want to know what you and mother had been through, the sweet memories and everything else...
Jeht: We're going to communicate in our own way, of course! And if all else fails, we'll "talk" with our fists. It is what my father and I are best at.
Jeht: We've been together since I can remember. Nothing in this world is more important to me than you... So long as you're well, we can be at home anywhere...
Jeht: Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go!
Jeht: What's going on? How could this be?
Jeht: Why did this happen...? This entire building... is trying to get us? Is this Samail's doing? But didn't he...
Mirsad: (Hope Omid doesn't get in my way...)
Mirsad: *sigh* Am I too old to start a new career as an adventurer now? That being said, I won't know until I try.
Mirsad: Omid'll definitely take me for a madman if I tell him. That's why I'd better only inform my boss. Please keep the secret for me...
Nachtigal: "Since we have Dandelion, it makes sense to have Windwheel Aster, right?" is what he said.
Nachtigal: (I can come up with far better names than he can.)
Nachtigal: (I gotta hire new people... Life's getting more and more difficult.)
Nachtigal: (Traveler), what would you do in a situation like this?
Nachtigal: ...I see. But I don't have the right to comment on it.
Nachtigal: A nobody like me doesn't have that many lives! Ugh...
Nachtigal: After weighing the risks and the benefits, we usually choose to take the risk. We wouldn't have accepted your commission otherwise.
Nachtigal: Ahem! Come on, Tirzad, some things are best left unsaid.
Nachtigal: And good luck in your adventures.
(Quest ends)
Nachtigal: But if I support Tirzad, then we'll be without Jebrael in this world of sand and bandits...
Nachtigal: Don't worry. They're both fine. It's just that... they have other plans so they won't continue working with us.
Nachtigal: Hmm, I believe that the most important thing right now is to get Tirzad to trust Jebrael.
Nachtigal: Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if he was here for the Mora! After all, someone like Tirzad who's foolish and rich... *cough* Uh, I mean generous, is pretty hard to come by.
Nachtigal: I believe Tirzad will be returning to Sumeru City.
Nachtigal: I know he's my friend, but I really can't compliment his taste in names.
Nachtigal: I think I said this before, but you sure are stubborn. Forget about Samail for a moment and ask yourself a question. Has Jebrael ever done anything to harm you?
Nachtigal: I think we may have to reconsider our career as traveling merchants... The desert is a hundred times more dangerous than I expected... Even someone as capable as Jebrael...
Nachtigal: I'm just so happy that you're all alright too. *sigh* They really came at us. Luckily, Jebrael gave us some instructions beforehand, so they didn't make things too difficult for us.
Nachtigal: If Bonifaz had Jebrael's wisdom, then perhaps our business would be doing much better than it currently is.
Nachtigal: If I support Jebrael, Tirzad will probably scream at me to get lost.
Nachtigal: It got the name Windwheel Aster because it kept spinning on the ground after knocking some kegs over... I wanted to name it Keg, but Bonifaz was of the opinion that it wasn't a nice name.
Nachtigal: It was just a note on some trivial matters. It's with the luggage that you won't be able to take with you. You can have it once you return safely.
Nachtigal: Oh, about that... I would decide based on the circumstances. Haha, I dare not speak for others, but Bonifaz and I have much more flexible moral standards.
Nachtigal: Then hasn't he proven himself through his actions?
Nachtigal: Tirzad, you're being too hostile. No one's going to talk if you act like that.
Nachtigal: We'll think long and hard about our future...
Nachtigal: Well, that's because Tirzad is the one who's paying me. No matter who I support, I'll be in a difficult spot.
Nachtigal: What are you talking about? We're Sumpter Beast merchants. What are we going to eat if our Sumpter Beasts don't work?
Nachtigal: What's going on? I thought a night in the oasis might bring all of you closer together. Why are you at each other's throats again?
Nachtigal: Wonderful, Cyrus seems to be in a good mood. Windwheel Aster's looking good too.
Nachtigal: You can't simply fill your belly with wind. Even if you could, open your mouth here, and I guarantee that you'll get a mouthful of sand instead...
Nachtigal: ?
Omid: (Mirsad will join me, right?)
Omid: I'll inform the boss once I'm back in Aaru Village. Although he always complains that he's short on crew, I guess he'll be alright with Mirsad to help him.
Omid: Okay, I've made up my mind! I'm going to Port Ormos. I haven't yet decided on what business to go into, but I'll figure that out after seeing what other people are doing there.
Paimon's Voice: (This can't be...)
Paimon: (Traveler), he looks so strange! He fell asleep... No, wait! He isn't breathing!
Paimon: (Traveler)... and everyone else, keep going! Just a little more! We'll be out of here soon!
Paimon: ...Oh? Is that really how it is?
Paimon: ...The throne?
Paimon: Ah! It can't be...
Paimon: Alright! The Tirzad Archaeological Team is back together again!
Paimon: Alrighty then! Forward it is!
Paimon: And Jeht... What do you plan to do now? Do you have any friends you can rely on or something?
Paimon: And what's that supposed to mean?
Paimon: Anyway, Jeht's his daughter. Paimon really can't imagine someone who raised Jeht as being a bad guy...
Paimon: Are those... Eremites? Are they Samail's flunkies?
Paimon: Both strength and endless wealth are nothing before family.
Paimon: C'mon, Tirzad! Stop putting people on the spot like that!
Paimon: C'mon, we've got to rescue Nachtigal and the others!
Paimon: Don't worry, it won't be empty once Paimon sits there.
Paimon: Eek, thank goodness Paimon didn't sit on that throne... Guess sitting on a seat that doesn't belong to you really doesn't end well, huh?
Paimon: Even Paimon knows that wasn't a compliment!
Paimon: Everything linked to King Deshret is huge! So that throne is definitely very, very huge, right? Hehe, Paimon wants to take a seat on it!
Paimon: Give you what? We don't owe you anything!
Paimon: Hehe, this chair is huge! Paimon feels like just sitting on it is gonna make Paimon super great!
Paimon: Hey! How could you forget about Paimon!?
Paimon: Hmm... If we end up finding nothing of value after all this trouble...
Paimon: Hmm? Does anyone else feel like something's wrong?
Paimon: Hmph! Paimon's definitely stronger than you, though!
Paimon: Huh?
Paimon: Huh? But Jebrael said that even years of research with Ufairah amounted to nothing... So how would relying on Tirzad really change anything...?
Paimon: Huh? But Tirzad said the throne is definitely higher up...
Paimon: Huh? Th—Then is all of this a trap that Samail set for us?
Paimon: Hurry up, (Traveler)! Paimon can't wait to sit on King Deshret's big chair!
Paimon: Is it about Benben? Benben did get taken away before.
Paimon: Is there anything we can do to help?
Paimon: It must be Jebrael who opened the door for us. Without him, we would've been...
Paimon: It's a long story...
Paimon: It's not here either. Let's look for it elsewhere!
Paimon: It's the Eremites! They got here before us...
Paimon: Jebrael is definitely the person in our group who knows the most about the desert. It'll be difficult for our expedition to proceed without him leading the way.
Paimon: Jebrael! We found this, though we're not sure if it's a useful clue...
Paimon: Let's just let Tirzad paint him as the bad guy in his thesis, eh?
Paimon: Oh! So you can read it, Jebrael?
Paimon: Oh, Paimon hopes that everything will go well for you too... Paimon's sure it will!
Paimon: Oh, here we go again with Rule of Three trials... and there are so many mechanisms this time too...
Paimon: Oh? Why's that?
Paimon: Ooh! We can really see it! Does this mean that we've been acknowledged, and are worthy?
Paimon: Ooh... Paimon can't wait to see what the throne looks like.
Paimon: Paimon bets that this Deshret guy's got some awesome stuff stashed away in here.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't think Jebrael's a bad guy either. Anyway, that guy Samail has a weird way of speaking! It's best not to believe everything he says.
Paimon: Right, if you'd just tell us the truth, Jebrael, Paimon believes that everyone can be understanding!
Paimon: Strange... Why did they stop?
Paimon: That weird guy popped up and claimed to be his old companion, but Jebrael didn't even deny it...
Paimon: That's not quite right. Let's have another look around.
Paimon: That's right! Everyone's safe, and that's the most important thing!
Paimon: The door is shut! (Traveler)... What do we do?
Paimon: The door's closed again? Thank goodness, we made it out in time...
Paimon: The three trials... Maybe that refers to the buildings all around us? Y'know, there are so many huge statues here, Paimon's worried that they'll just come to life...
Paimon: Then, um...
Paimon: This weirdo keeps saying weird stuff. Paimon's getting confused... Haven't we uncovered everything? And what are Al-Ahmar's secrets, anyway?
Paimon: This... Paimon doesn't understand a thing. Let's pass it to Jebrael, shall we?
(Obtain A Short Letter)
Paimon: Those Fatui too! Paimon wonders what wicked plots they and Samail are hatching together!
Paimon: Umm...
Paimon: We just have to get out of this place... and neither Samail nor Al-Ahmar will be able to harm us anymore!
Paimon: We should be staying in Sumeru for some time too... Paimon just has this feeling that there are so many more secrets to uncover.
Paimon: Well, Paimon really wants to believe Jebrael, but he hasn't told us much about his past either.
Paimon: What do you mean?
Paimon: Whoa! Well, looks like negotiations have broken down!
Paimon: Yeah! Paimon may not know what the secrets of Al-Ahmar he keeps mentioning are... But it doesn't matter if it's the truth, or if it's superstition like Tirzad says...
Paimon: Yeah! We should be able to go to the upper level to see King Deshret's throne now.
Paimon: Yeah, so they're definitely not on the same side.
Paimon: Yeah, we haven't even found the place marked on the map yet.
Paimon: Yeah, we're obviously inside... But where's the throne?
Paimon: Yeah, we've fought worse.
Paimon: Yeah... We know you're going through a tough time.
Paimon: You know, when you caused all that commotion after getting drunk, it was Jebrael who stayed and took care of you, Tirzad.
Refusing to give up, Jeht examined the entrance to Khaj-Nisut time after time, only to find the door tightly shut.Behind it was dead silence. Things had happened and were beyond redemption.Jeht, now having but to accept reality, put away Jebrael's axe carefully. It is the only thing he has left behind.We finally managed to persuade her to come back with us to the camp. We then informed the merchants of what happened and returned to Aaru Village...
Samail repeats the "prayer."
Samail's Missive
Samail: "O stars high above the wasteland," huh? I see.
Samail: "The dreams of Thutmose... We will fulfill them."
Samail: "The power of Al-Ahmar... is ours!"
Samail: "We" are the dunes, and you are a grain of sand. We are one. You know this.
Samail: "Worms... Perish the thought of leaving and taking the secret with you..."
Samail: ...
Samail: ...I see. Your ties to the mundane inhibit you. Just like that infection, I just have to eliminate them...
Samail: ...It's fine. Soon, there'll be no "you." "You" will become a part of "us." This meaningless talk will be unnecessary then.
Samail: Al-Ahmar's throne is right before us. Aren't you obsessed with it too?
Samail: Did you think betraying the Thutmose would be enough to deny your nature? Hah! I knew you would be back.
Samail: Hahahaha! So this is your choice? Looks like your companions never really trusted you at all.
Samail: Hmm. I'm really curious. Why are you always so evasive whenever Al-Ahmar's secrets are mentioned?
Samail: Hmph! How foolish! But these trivial troubles will vanish with the wind soon.
Samail: Hmph! You third-rate researcher! Oh, if Ufairah were alive, she would have written multiple books by now! Someone like you has no right to talk about Al-Ahmar's legacy.
Samail: Hmph! You're just as stubborn as your father, but your talkativeness... I guess you must've gotten that from Ufairah, huh?
Samail: I knew it... I knew it! We are the twin blades of Thutmose, our lives dedicated to uncovering the secrets of the Golden Slumber...
Samail: I thought you learned your lesson about greed when Ufairah died! Oh, sorry, or should I say "I taught you that lesson when Ufairah died"?
Samail: I'm not sad. I know what I want. My dream is to be one with the Thutmose.
Samail: It's an empty throne! Anyone can sit on it. An unqualified and mediocre person won't become great just by sitting on it...
Samail: Jebrael! Haha, you're here!
Samail: Jebrael, I thought I knew you... But I really don't understand what you're doing right now.
Samail: Jebrael, are you still refusing to admit that you are a Thutmose deep down? Self-deceiving makes no difference for people like us, you know it!
Samail: Jebrael, why don't you understand? Love is just a fever. I even eliminated the infection for you. Has the heat made you lose your mind?
Samail: Like the dehydrated thirst for a spring, only the illusion of the Eternal Oasis can relieve our agony...
Samail: Little Jeht, do you see it now? Once he laid eyes on Al-Ahmar's throne, your dear father forgot everything! Even you!
Samail: No mere grain of sand can reject the Golden Slumber. Al-Ahmar's promise is the paradise that all of us dream of.
Samail: Oh! Perhaps you learned your lesson, and you're prepared to pay the price now? Let's see which one amongst them will be the price you pay!
Samail: Oh... You are not "us" yet.
Samail: Sleep, Jebrael, sleep.
Samail: That prayer is the key... But of course you know that! Hmm... Well, it all makes sense if you were planning to return alone.
Samail: Tsk tsk tsk! Such greed!
Samail: Unfortunately, unless you're willing to pay with little Jeht's life...
Samail: When you awaken again... No, when "we" awaken again, nothing will be left standing in our way. The Thutmose's dreams will be fulfilled.
Samail: Why? Why care about such trivial matters? Great power is right before you, it's like a torrent in the desert. Don't you feel it?
Samail: Yes, you did. There is no hatred here, only eternal peace. No bitter salt water, only an endless spring.
Samail: Yet you, the warmth of another... I despise such feelings. It makes you weak.
Samail: You can't be serious...
Samail: You should obey. Al-Ahmar's will is our will. The Thutmose's dreams are our dreams.
Samail: You took the long way around, but it doesn't matter anymore. We've met again here, at the end of that path.
Samail: You took the long way around, but you reached the correct destination. Admit it. This is the dream hidden within your heart.
Samail: You were just lost before, but the sands of the Thutmose always return before Al-Ahmar's throne!
Samail: You're trying to shoulder every burden! Your daughter's safety! That researcher's commission! And even Al-Ahmar's secrets!
Samail: You've realized it too, haven't you? That drowsiness... Al-Ahmar is summoning you into the dream. Stop arguing meaninglessly with me. Come, fall into deep sleep...
Samail: Your betrayal was like a blade in my chest. But I obtained Al-Ahmar's wisdom, and that wound I thought would never heal is nothing but a memory now.
Sorry...
The merchant has given us the location of the traitor. There is more than one key, so you don't have to obtain it by force.In case someone questions you, find a way to leave immediately and don't ever mention our quarrel with that woman.If this works out, we'll be able to deal with her.Samail
Tirzad's Voice: (...The door is open? It must be Jebrael! It's still shaking, Jeht! It's dangerous here! We can't stay, or else his sacrifice would mean nothing...)
Tirzad's Voice: (H—His body has disappeared. He's not coming back... Jeht...)
Tirzad: "Just a little" might be an understatement. Khaj-Nisut is where it should be, but it seems to be refusing to show itself to us...
Tirzad: (H—Help!)
Tirzad: (I have to write... my report properly... or...)
Tirzad: (I should buy a few more bottles from him once I'm back...)
Tirzad: *cough* Nachtigal's invigorating drinks really are strong. If you sat me down at a table now, I'm certain I could write a million words in one go.
Tirzad: *sigh* Come on, Benben, why don't we just return to Sumeru City now? It is quite regrettable that my paper won't have its final two chapters, but I can always return again if I'm still alive.
Tirzad: *sigh* I, too, wish that I could do something for her, but...
Tirzad: *sigh* Using their plan against them is a bad idea. All four of you do seem so full of confidence, but that's because you're skilled fighters.
Tirzad: *sob* It saddens me to think that I won't get to celebrate my success because I'll have to face the fangs of that venomous snake who will leap out of the shadows...
Tirzad: ...Fine! I'll do it for you. I know I can trust you two, Paimon, (Traveler). I'll trust you again.
Tirzad: ...Hah, all's well that ends well, eh? I, Tirzad, hereby announce that this archaeological expedition has been completed successfully and has yielded great results!
Tirzad: ...I'd hoped it would prove my fountain of wisdom, but it makes my world spin instead. Ugh... You're right, I really should slow down a little.
Tirzad: ...Me? Yes, I will. I—I should head back and start writing my paper.
Tirzad: ...No, I don't think so.
Tirzad: ...Oh, it's you. Is there anything else you want to discuss?
Tirzad: ...What is this?
Tirzad: Actually, it isn't over. I mean, the minimum requirement in the commission was to escort me safely back to Aaru Village, right?
Tirzad: And she refuses to say anything. If she would just speak her desire, I would be willing to do anything in my power to help her...!
Tirzad: And was Jeht included in those "results"?
Tirzad: Anyway, I have new worries now... Jebrael, don't you have revenge on your mind at all? I know you've repeatedly promised to protect me until the commission is over, but...
Tirzad: Anyway, King Deshret's throne should be in a more "dignified" place, or in simpler terms, a place that's higher up.
Tirzad: Anyway, nothing happened. Huh? Is something lacking? Or perhaps we made a mistake somewhere...
Tirzad: Anyway, uh, since he's in the paradise he dreamed of, I don't need his permission to use him as a case study in my paper, right?
Tirzad: Aren't those just desert superstitions? Things like that are... too vague. There's no research value in them.
Tirzad: At that time, what will your priority be? Will you take a step forward to get revenge, or step back to keep us safe?
Tirzad: Besides ignorant children... who could take that seriously?
Tirzad: But I'll be fine. Nachtigal gave me some invigorating drinks before we left, so I'm as clear-headed as can be.
Tirzad: But I'm a researcher of the Akademiya. I can't kneel before a tyrant's throne! And it's an empty throne, too!
Tirzad: But isn't this...?
Tirzad: But not for academic glory or anything... Jebrael did as he promised he would, yet I... I've always been avoiding my responsibilities.
Tirzad: But there are just too many of them. Paimon can fly away and hide if things go south, but what about me?
Tirzad: But we didn't get along the last time, and we even fought each other. Can we even talk to them now?
Tirzad: But... Is Al-Ahmar's Golden Slumber a way to send his believers into eternal sleep?
Tirzad: But... Is the alcohol still clouding my mind, or has the sand distorted my vision? Is this really the place we're looking for? I can see Khaj-Nisut... but it feels like I also don't.
Tirzad: Did something that shouldn't be activated get activated?!
Tirzad: Exactly! I can't sleep in peace without getting to the bottom of that...
Tirzad: For safety's sake, we should return to Sumeru City and draw up a plan... No, even Aaru Village would be fine!
Tirzad: Hmm, let me summarize the overall situation now... Jeht's back safely, and Samail's subordinates have been defeated.
Tirzad: Hmm...
Tirzad: Hmm... Jebrael did mention that only the chosen may kneel before the throne... M—Maybe we really have to kneel before the throne?
Tirzad: Hmm... alright. Our side would be the weaker by far if it were just (Traveler) and me.
Tirzad: Hmm... to go up, we must first go down. You cannot reach a peak without falling to your lowest, just like...
Tirzad: Huh? What should we do? Avoid them?
Tirzad: I can only hope that you're wrong...
Tirzad: I can't...
Tirzad: I don't think you can be included in any estimation of our group's strength.
Tirzad: I knew your past would come back to bite us...
Tirzad: I may disapprove of a tyrant like King Deshret, but your thoughts might be a little too audacious even so, Paimon...
Tirzad: I must... record everything that I witnessed.
Tirzad: I never expected to see such intense superstition... I guess my knowledge is still lacking. Perhaps this superstition, linked to King Deshret as it is, may be worth studying after all.
Tirzad: I see! So you're finally showing your true colors, huh, Jebrael? "Use their plans against them"? You're just one of them, like I expected!
Tirzad: I shouldn't have underestimated superstition...
Tirzad: I'm making a reasonable inference here...
Tirzad: I'm not drunk, you know! I heard it all!
Tirzad: I've never been able to commit before this, whether in academics or in life... But that ends now. I will take the path I believe in, no matter how difficult it may be...
Tirzad: I've prepared a replica for reference. As for the original... I hope you'll keep it safe for me. I'm not trying to run from danger! It's a commission, you hear it? A commission!
Tirzad: I... What...! How do you even sleep at night after witnessing things like that?
Tirzad: If something like that can be exchanged for Jeht's safety, then stop hesitating and tell him.
Tirzad: If we meet him again... No, I think we definitely will. Even I know that he'll be waiting in ambush for us at our final destination.
Tirzad: If you make new discoveries during this time... Wouldn't we make the perfect team? The thesis material shall be mine, and the Mora yours...
Tirzad: It was so hard... so difficult to find all the materials for my paper... Will I never have the chance to record all of this again?
Tirzad: It's a very realistic question! And it's linked to my survival, so of course I have to pursue an answer...
Tirzad: Jebrael, you mentioned that Jeht's mother deciphered it from Al-Ahmar's texts... I didn't expect it to be used here...
Tirzad: Jebrael... protected us, but he... *sigh*
Tirzad: Just ask yourself, would you trade with someone who cheated you in the past?
Tirzad: Just think about it, the ruins have been here for years, so just a few months... or even a few years won't change anything! We can come back later!
Tirzad: Just think about it. I'll be completely occupied with my paper soon, but an adventurer like you will never stop adventuring, right?
Tirzad: King Deshret is as unreasonable as I thought. We've overcome so many trials on our way here! We're "worthy"...
Tirzad: Next time, I should get help that has a clean background...
Tirzad: Now it's my turn. I too must shoulder my responsibilities...
Tirzad: Now that our bellies are full, what other excuses do you have? Let's hear them! And what did you slip to Nachtigal earlier?
Tirzad: Now, all I have for him is gratitude...
Tirzad: Of course, my main mission is still to write my paper like I originally planned.
Tirzad: Oh! I get it! They're the people in joint research projects that contribute nothing but take all the credit when it's time to present your findings!
Tirzad: Phew... We're finally here.
Tirzad: Samail... He got his wish, didn't he? If he wasn't such a villain, I'd even feel like thanking him...
Tirzad: Something's coming this way!
(A dark blue cloud begins to envelope the room)
Tirzad: Sorry to interrupt... But there must be a safer method, right?
Tirzad: That makes it more terrifying than I ever imagined... I really should get back and update the collective knowledge of the academic world.
Tirzad: That prayer... It gives me a strange feeling that I can't put a finger on. And Samail too... What he said... I think I should study it further once I get back.
Tirzad: That's perfect! We'll be making the best use of all our resources!
Tirzad: The loss of your wife isn't something you can just laugh off, is it...
Tirzad: They say anyone who gains King Deshret's wisdom is permitted to enter the Golden Slumber, and enjoy eternal peace and happiness there.
Tirzad: This is the least I can do to pay my respects to him...
Tirzad: This place may not be completely safe... Let's meet up with Nachtigal's group and head back to Aaru Village...
Tirzad: Th—things change! I fully trust Jebrael now. He certainly isn't on Samail's side, at least. Uh, he isn't, right?
Tirzad: To be honest, I expected that we might have to fight for our lives to get home... So isn't it great that we can resolve this peacefully?
Tirzad: To be honest, I'm starting to doubt the credibility of the articles I've read...
Tirzad: To think that I remained doubtful of him until the end. I'm such an awful person...
Tirzad: Ugh, you guys!
Tirzad: U—Unless someone goes to where he is...
Tirzad: Wait, wait, you can't leave! Our expedition isn't over yet!
Tirzad: Wait. Where did Jeht go? She was still with us just a moment ago, right?
(Samail enters with an Electrohammer Vanguard, an Eremite Mercenary, and Jeht)
Tirzad: Well, it does make sense that they can't advance without the guidance of a professional like me, yes.
Tirzad: What kind of prayer has that much appeal...? I refuse to believe it. But I don't mind listening in. It wouldn't hurt to include it as an anecdote in my paper.
Tirzad: What!? But they're all relics!
Tirzad: What's going on? Why couldn't we see it earlier if it's right there? But if it wasn't there, where did it come from?
Tirzad: What? You're a merchant. You should know the value of trust! Even in the world of academics, researchers who engage in misconduct will be stripped of their research qualifications.
Tirzad: Why would you think the throne would be facing the entrance? It isn't a receptionist's desk. Hmm, actually, I feel like I shouldn't say such... Uh, disrespectful things in a place like this.
Tirzad: Why wouldn't you believe in my skills? Listen, we're going to fill in the blanks tomorrow. In truth, I already know how I'm going to write my paper!
Tirzad: Yes! Exactly! Hah, looks like you've learned quite a bit these past few days you spent with me, eh?
Tirzad: You think so? You should read my papers. I reckon I'm much better at writing than speaking!
Tirzad: You think too highly of him, then. Wisdom? He's one of them. I'll bet it's experience talking!
Tirzad: You'd better not be thinking of using the merchants to send messages to the enemy!
Tirzad: You're seriously... Jeht, please help me with Paimon... Jeht?
You tell Nachtigal everything...