
Secret Letter to Aderfi
To Aderfi:
...If you see this letter, make haste to the designated coordinates to meet me. Do not forget to bring our contacts from the North...
...I should have rid us of that meddling blonde outsider by then...
...Ensure that the northerners endorse Jeht as our tribe's matriarch. For my part, I shall do all I can to convince her to marry me...
...Since Babel treats that traitor's daughter as the apple of her eye, and even wants her to inherit the tribe, let her taste the bitter fruit she has sown...
Once that happens, I shall revoke all the crimes that Babel has laid on your person, and pave the way for your next investment...
...I won't pursue the matter of your cooperation with the northerners. Just as Babel once secretly ordered, you will be our tribe's proxy for trade with them. I pledge not to rob or make secret moves against outsiders who have potential in matters of trade with us...
...Remember to make all haste! You must arrive before Babel discovers that we have been working together...
 ...
 Are you alright, Jeht?
Jeht: No. I... want to throw up, actually.
 Are you alright?
Jeht: Hmm... I don't know. I mean, I do look forward to fulfilling my parents' dreams at last.
Jeht: But I can't help but get mixed feelings when I think of all that we've been through along the way.
Jeht: Although I now have the tribe to call home, betrayals and schemes are never far from me. Are the Tanit truly where I belong? Have I really been accepted by them?
 He was working with Azariq...
Jeht: Judge the criminal first, then find the evidence, huh... Whatever. It makes no difference.
 Hold on, I don't get it...
 I feel a little dizzy, but don't worry, I still recognize you...
Paimon: Hmph! Still joking, huh? Alright, alright! Let's get out of here!
 I respect Liloupar's decision.
Paimon: Yeah, although, uh... she looks like a bottle right now, you should've asked for her consent first.
 I wouldn't be so sure.
Paimon: Liloupar doesn't seem to like you much. Paimon doubts she'd come with you!
 It seems to run in the family...
 It's not the end of the world even if that isn't where you truly belong.
Jeht: Ha, you're so carefree! You know, I was starting to forget that you're a traveler, unconstrained anywhere by anything or anyone!
Jeht: It's only that... hehe... when Dad was with me, I could say "Home is where Dad is." But now, I'm all by myself.
 Liloupar's analysis is on point.
 My rear hurts, but my legs still work...
Jeht: I did a quick check on you. Your bones are fine. There's just a big bruise. Fortunately, you escaped serious injury.
Jeht: But if you have trouble walking, let me help.
 Paimon's right. It's water under the bridge now.
Jeht: Yeah, you're right. Let them sink into the sands. We have more important things to do!
Jeht: But... *sigh* When Dad was with me, I could say "Home is where Dad is." But now, I'm all alone.
 Quest DescriptionThis is the final part of the journey to the Eternal Oasis. With any luck, this will prove a smooth trip...
 Step DescriptionIt turns out that Azariq has been conspiring with the traitor Aderfi to murder you and Jeht! After eliminating the threat of their plot, you have to go to the Eternal Oasis by yourselves...
 Well then, let's move on.
 What are you saying?
Liloupar: You have seen that which I speak of.
 What is it?
 What's wrong? You seem preoccupied.
Jeht: Haha, I'm alright. I'm in a good mood, actually. It's just... *sigh*
Jeht: Dad went through all kinds of setbacks and betrayals in his adventures, and I just realized that I'm on the same unfortunate path as him.
Jeht: Although I now have the tribe to call home, betrayals and schemes are never far from me. Are the Tanit truly where I belong? Have I really been accepted by them?
 Why do villains always leave a trail to be found...
Paimon: Beats Paimon... Hey, that's not the point!
 You mean...
 You're growing wiser, Jeht.
 You... It was you who murdered them...
Liloupar: It was not "murder"... It was punishment. For my lover, and for myself.
"It is curtains for the carnivorous Night of Honey — Such is the end of the Jinni's lover..."
"The one who fails to return alive is the traitor... or so you just told me."Says Jeht.
...Ensure that the northerners endorse Jeht as our tribe's matriarch. For my part, I shall do all I can to convince her to marry me...
...I should have rid us of that meddling blonde outsider by then...
...I won't pursue the matter of your cooperation with the northerners. Just as Babel once secretly ordered, you will be our tribe's proxy for trade with them. I pledge not to rob or make secret moves against outsiders who have potential in matters of trade with us...
...If you see this letter, make haste to the designated coordinates to meet me. Do not forget to bring our contacts from the North...
...Remember to make all haste! You must arrive before Babel discovers that we have been working together...
...Since Babel treats that traitor's daughter as the apple of her eye, and even wants her to inherit the tribe, let her taste the bitter fruit she has sown...
???: "Sister"? I don't understand. Are you calling me... "sister"?
???: ...
???: ...You. The destroyer of Gurabad, the Mother of the Despicable.
Aderfi: (...Why hasn't this Azariq guy taken care of them yet... What am I supposed to tell the northerner captain?)
Aderfi: Agh!
Aderfi: Attack the golden one! The one with the golden hair!
Aderfi: Come on, Azariq, we've been waiting for ages... Wait, why are you here!?
Aderfi: Cover me! Quick!
Aderfi: Hurry, stop her! Stop her!
Aderfi: I thought you saw him as your brother...
Aderfi: I... He... Wait, I'm really confused right now. Just give me a second to organize my thoughts, please!
Aderfi: Wait, please, calm down...
Aderfi: Wait...!
As the shard of light merges with Liloupar's magic bottle, you feel a little of your own power being pulled away...
Azariq: "Oh? So our little wildcat has finally bared her fangs against her tribe, huh?" That's what everyone will say. You'll be seen as a traitor.
Azariq: "Traitors"? Well, if we're the ones who make it out alive, then the only traitor they'll remember is you!
Azariq: *cough* Darn it!
Azariq: *gasp* I'm not asking for your forgiveness. Just... hear me out...
Azariq: *gasp* Think, Jeht, think... You're a smart girl... You would... have done the same... for the Tanit...
Azariq: *gasp* Wait, please, stop, little wildcat...
Azariq: *gasp* You... struggled outside to make a living, too... We are so alike... You care about the Tanit... and you've always been loyal, no?
Azariq: *sigh* I didn't expect things would go this far... I can only hope you will forgive me.
Azariq: ...
Azariq: ...?
Azariq: ...Before that, (Traveler), I have a favor to ask of you.
Azariq: Alright, come on, folks. Into the pilot cabin.
Azariq: As I said, I do this for the Tanit. The Mother of the Jinn will be an invaluable asset in our hands, while in the hands of this outsider, she's nothing but a toy — a trinket.
Azariq: Everyone wins here. You, me... and of course, your friend.
Azariq: Friends, time to welcome our guests... and our little wildcat!
Azariq: Future children... will no longer have to beg for food from that city in the rainforest, nor will they need to learn the killer's trade. They will no longer have to rely on some strongman just to live with some dignity...
Azariq: Go... If you... spare my life... I can get my friends on the outside to... spare yours, too...
Azariq: Great. Now we can continue unimpeded.
Azariq: Ha... Or what? Are you... *gasp* willing to be the first member of our tribe who... slaughters your own? I hope you have given thought to... the fate of traitors—
Azariq: Hmmm... There's not enough power. We've already exhausted its backup power with our previous attack...
Azariq: I suggest you calm yourself down. We can still talk. There's no need to resort to violence.
Azariq: I'm doing this for the Tanit. We're getting close to our destination, and it is for the best that we take care of the Mother of the Jinn, rather than leave her in an outsider's hands.
Azariq: It is over 500 years old now. I doubt we can rely on it much longer, so we must act quickly.
Azariq: It is the rational choice. If she knew of this, she would give us her consent.
Azariq: Jeht, we need to talk.
Azariq: No, I'm good. Real good, in fact.
Azariq: Once we finish this quest, Matriarch Babel will recognize your contributions by appointing you her successor, and your outlander friend will also be rewarded accordingly.
Azariq: Please reconsider... *gasp* Think about it... Imagine what the Eternal Oasis will bring us... An infinite future, fertile fields, and endless opportunities...
Azariq: See that hole over there? Aim at it and discharge the main gun.
Azariq: The coordinates have been set! Now boot it up!
Azariq: The main gun still works, but we just don't know if it can break through the rocks.
Azariq: Think about it! If we possess her power, we'll be able to recreate verdant oases in the desert again. Hasn't that been Matriarch Babel's pursuit this whole time?
Azariq: Think about it, Jeht... Babel is... no worthier... than us... to rule the Tanit...
Azariq: Turning the panel on should do the job. Hmm, guess I'll let you do it.
Azariq: Wait. Calm down, calm down. Look, we're in the middle of the desert. If you kill me now, who will be able to prove your innocence?
Azariq: Whoa... Just a second there, little wildcat. We were just having a friendly conversation. Why did you suddenly go berserk? Haven't we always been like family to each other?
Azariq: Will someone who has betrayed their own tribe ever be accepted in the desert again?
Azariq: Would you hand the Mother of the Jinn over into my keeping?
Azariq: Wouldn't be nice if I stole all the fun from you, y'know?
Azariq: Yeah...
Azariq: You are right. My apologies.
Azariq: You'd agree with me too, wouldn't you, outlander?
Azariq: You... you let me down... Jeht, I thought you'd understand... *gasp* I reckoned we could work together...
Fatui Skirmisher: And how about us, huh? Who's gonna cover us?
Fatui Skirmisher: Easier said than done!
Fatui Skirmisher: Uh...
Fatui Skirmisher: Uh... It's a long story, if you would...
Ferigees: ...
Ferigees: Folly! You are like those sightless, vacuous mortals — knowing neither what you do nor what it is all for!
Ferigees: Folly... Just like some mere mortal... Why... What kind of desire... Did you hold...
Ferigees: Hmph. You cannot pass.
Ferigees: How obdurate. Do you bewitch your new master even now, just as you brought Gurabad's walls down with your honeyed words? That is just like you, Liloupar!
Ferigees: Leave now, before my patience runs dry and these mechanical shackles rumble, and never show yourselves here again.
Ferigees: No... Nothing there... But... the coalescence of... regret...
Ferigees: So, you dispense your kindness to me? Despicable traitor, my shackles have nothing to do with you!
Ferigees: Still so arrogant and inconstant... You disappoint me, my sister.
Ferigees: The empty tomb... It will crumble... Just like me... and just like you, who are not whole...
Ferigees: Turn back! You may yet repent, if you know that which you trespass upon!
Ferigees: Ugh... Agh... Ahh...! The shackles... they tighten... Leave! Leave now!
Ferigees: You are here to see our mistress, aren't you? Let me guess, you have brought your new master and... (his/her) desert slave?
Ferigees: You are worthy no longer, fallen traitor. There is no place for you now in the oasis realm.
Ferigees: You broke this shell... My spirit and form... shall soon vanish with it also...
Ferigees:Ah...My shackles, my chains... My oath...
Jeht: (Even if you are my best friend./Even if I am pretty fond of you.)
Jeht: (Listen here, Jinni. If anything happens to him, I'll get you for that./Listen here, Jinni. If this does any harm to her, I'll get you for that.)
Jeht: (You're awake! How are you feeling? Are you hurt? Can you still walk?/You're awake. Phew... I thought... Sorry, I'm just being a little... Don't mind me. Um, are you hurt? Heh. Need me to carry you?)
Jeht: *chuckle* Don't get mad, Paimon. But you're right. I need to keep my chin up.
Jeht: ...
Jeht: ...!
Jeht: ...And that's why he had to take you, who might already know what was going on, out of the picture, and gain control over the Jinni. From the very beginning, he had assumed that I would trust him absolutely and go along with his scheme...
Jeht: Agreed.
Jeht: Alright. I will watch your back.
Jeht: Although I now have the tribe to call home, betrayals and schemes are never far from me. Are the Tanit truly where I belong? Have I really been accepted by them?
Jeht: And third, you deceive your fellow tribes-people and place them in peril.
Jeht: Anyway, this place looks like... well, the path to some god's temple. But you said that this is a water supply station, didn't you?
Jeht: Are you finished?
Jeht: Azariq, you're like an elder brother to me, and I respect your guidance. But I... I don't understand. What's going on? Please, tell me!
Jeht: Azariq... So he wanted to murder Matriarch Babel, then become the co-leader of the Tanit with me by "marriage"... and then make us all puppets for the northerners?
Jeht: Brother, my foot! And you, traitor, had better take stock of your situation. Each word you say could be your last!
Jeht: But I can't help but get mixed feelings when I think of all that we've been through along the way.
Jeht: But I guess I’m lucky. I’ve always had faith in you.
Jeht: But if you have trouble walking, let me help.
Jeht: But... *sigh* When Dad was with me, I could say "Home is where Dad is." But now, I'm all alone.
Jeht: C—Careful! I sense a strange power!
Jeht: Dad went through all kinds of setbacks and betrayals in his adventures, and I just realized that I'm on the same unfortunate path as him.
Jeht: Dream on!
Jeht: Family? Perhaps... and perhaps not.
Jeht: First, you plot murder against our guests and taint our hospitality without Matriarch Babel's permission. This is an act of betrayal.
Jeht: Ha, you're so carefree! You know, I was starting to forget that you're a traveler, unconstrained anywhere by anything or anyone!
Jeht: Haha, I'm alright. I'm in a good mood, actually. It's just... *sigh*
Jeht: Haha, alright! Now, enough sentimentality. Let's go!
Jeht: Hehe, you've gotten familiar with desert robberies, haven't you, Paimon?
Jeht: Hey! I heard that! I know what you're talking about!
Jeht: He’s a good person, or at least, he used to be... *sigh* Now I'm not even sure if he was ever good.
Jeht: Hmm... I don't know. I mean, I do look forward to fulfilling my parents' dreams at last.
Jeht: Hmm? Is it something important?
Jeht: Hmph... I need to wipe my blades. Help me keep watch.
Jeht: I am calm! Pick up your blade!
Jeht: I am calm! You just mentioned Azariq, didn't you? I've already dealt with that filthy creature, and I wouldn't mind having a repeat performance with you!
Jeht: I couldn't let him do any harm to you or Paimon, but had you started it, I wouldn't have let you hurt him, either. It’s a matter of principle.
Jeht: I did a quick check on you. Your bones are fine. There's just a big bruise. Fortunately, you escaped serious injury.
Jeht: I said that this is nonsense, and you're full of it... traitor.
Jeht: I trusted him so much, too! I never... I never imagined he was such a disgusting person.
Jeht: I've read about it in books. They say that after the Great Master of Verdure left, the land she used to rule was abandoned as well. I think this place might just be the...
Jeht: I... I wish I could have solved it differently... But I had no choice.
Jeht: If we didn't have more important things to do, I would've cut their heads off and taken them back with me.
Jeht: Is that so... But now...
Jeht: Is this... a request from Matriarch Babel?
Jeht: It's only that... hehe... when Dad was with me, I could say "Home is where Dad is." But now, I'm all by myself.
Jeht: I’m sorry that you had to see that.
Jeht: Judge the criminal first, then find the evidence, huh... Whatever. It makes no difference.
Jeht: Just got a few more scratches. Nothing much.
Jeht: Kneel, you traitor!
Jeht: Last words, huh? Make it quick.
Jeht: Let's get moving. This is giving me goosebumps.
Jeht: Look at all the withered vines... Seems like this place used to be full of vegetation.
Jeht: Matriarch Babel needs to know about this.
Jeht: Next up is the third cave... Will the big iron ball still work?
Jeht: No. I... want to throw up, actually.
Jeht: Organize your thoughts? Of what? Of teaming up with the Fatui? And you guys! You're with him, aren't you!?
Jeht: Right there in the center is the Crystal Goblet of Al-Ahmar. If we get there, we should be able to find a way to enter the Eternal Oasis.
Jeht: Second, you've learned technologies from the northerners, but you've refused to share the knowledge with the tribe. That is against our code.
Jeht: She sounds like a very determined god, quite different from what the legends claim she was like...
Jeht: Shut it! I'm so sick and tired of having to "be reasonable" with the bad guys. I don't care what you have to say. My blades, though, have lots of things to say to you!
Jeht: Shut up. You disgust me.
Jeht: Silence! Your sword has not proved your innocence!
Jeht: So what? The only reason I've let you live till now is that you never did us any harm. But now, that reason, too, is gone.
Jeht: So... are we just one last step away from reaching the Eternal Oasis now?
Jeht: Sometimes I just... can't control my anger, especially if I sense betrayal.
Jeht: That wasn't my question. I'm asking you, is this a request from Matriarch Babel!?
Jeht: These people are...? You... you despicable traitors!
Jeht: These people... Why are they here?
Jeht: This is nonsense...
Jeht: This person's starting to tick me off...
Jeht: This should be the mechanism. Let's activate it!
Jeht: Uh, please don't get me wrong. I don’t regret what I've done. It's just...
Jeht: What is it? Got anything to say, Jinni?
Jeht: What's wrong, Azariq? Feeling unwell? We can take a break if you're tired.
Jeht: What? No! We’re nothing alike!
Jeht: Yeah! Let's get going!
Jeht: Yeah, you're right. Let them sink into the sands. We have more important things to do!
Jeht: Yes... Let's go.
Jeht: You have forgotten your mother's name. Thus, I demand that you cleanse your defilement with your weapons.
Jeht: You insult me with your filthy lies, and I demand the right to respond with my blades.
Jeht: You shameless traitor! You dare to show up here? Explain yourself!
Jeht: You're right, you know. I've always tried to view you as my brother. But what about you?
Liloupar: *sigh* This is exhausting. Shall we proceed?
Liloupar: ...
Liloupar: Ah, this tingling... Master, my fragment is not far behind the door.
Liloupar: Aha, all set. It guides us once more. Now, let us simply follow.
Liloupar: Ahem. I understand if you may wish to mourn for your fellow tribesman or something... But I am obliged to tell you that this big thing will not hold up for much longer.
Liloupar: All my...confusion, all my rage, all my reasons for love and hatred...
Liloupar: Alright, let us move on. A safe place, this is not.
Liloupar: Alright. Revenge has been had, and the drama comes to a close. Drumroll please! And who has had the last laugh? Oh my, it's our little Jeht!
Liloupar: Anyway, let us head over there first. Please be careful, my master. I will protect you from the sandstorm.
Liloupar: As I said, my fragment guides me. Let us go. Enter that big iron ball, and we should find a path from there.
Liloupar: Do you really think that desert woman would believe that these two stupid men — and not you — are the traitors if you return empty-handed?
Liloupar: Even the Master of the Sands couldn't guarantee the eternity of the oasis.
Liloupar: Farewell, my sister.
Liloupar: Ferigees, I understand your concerns. I would even be willing to bow in apology, but please, let me see our slumbering mistress, if for but a moment.
Liloupar: For the sake of argument, let's assume you have proof of their betrayal. But knowing what you do of the desert dwellers' traditions, do you think your tribe will focus on the evidence and not pay a single slice of attention to the fact that you killed your tribesmen?
Liloupar: Harm? Oh, come now. Addiction, though... Now that is a more probable risk.
Liloupar: Hehe, well said. But allow me to remind you: the contract between my Master and I can only be broken by death.
Liloupar: I am still here as well. My bottle remains intact.
Liloupar: I have returned, sister.
Liloupar: I knew it... More monsters!
Liloupar: I know, my sister. Still, I must go there, where our mistress slumbers. That is where the answers I seek lie.
Liloupar: I once believed that he would bring this land into a bright future, but he proved no different from the other shallow, mortal tyrants. I was furious... No, I was in pain.
Liloupar: I shall lead the way. Our path gets smoother the further we proceed, it would seem.
Liloupar: I was once deeply and madly in love with him, but when I was betrayed like that... Only destruction three times greater than that love could quell my sorrow and pain... Perhaps.
Liloupar: If she would only awaken once more, all my questions might be answered, and it would all be worth it...
Liloupar: If you wish to return to rest for a moment, you can. But speak nothing of what transpired here. That is my advice.
Liloupar: In short... I used the hands and hearts of my own children to complete an impeccable killing. Such is the consequence of betrayal.
Liloupar: It was not "murder"... It was punishment. For my lover, and for myself.
Liloupar: Long have I waited for this moment. Long has this wish been mine, and at last, it will come true.
Liloupar: My great mistress’ ideals broke her heart, so she left the kingdom that they shared.
Liloupar: My master, for your own safety, we should leave as soon as possible.
Liloupar: My master, if I may so ask, please assist me in freeing my sister from her suffering...
Liloupar: Once this place is submerged by the sands of time, the Eternal Oasis will inevitably collapse.
Liloupar: Or have you lived in the godless desert for too long and thus become unable to imagine what the world used to be like?
Liloupar: Returning now just to give her a report? Oh, I wouldn't call that wisdom.
Liloupar: Sister, you shed the form of a Jinni and constrained yourself to this husk for thousands of years. Is this the "survival" that you so desired to pursue?
Liloupar: Something smells familiar here. But no, it's nothing important.
Liloupar: The end is nigh for this place... It will soon fall into utter ruin.
Liloupar: The fragment is right behind this gate. I can sense it.
Liloupar: The golden honey, the golden scheme... Departure breaks the heart, yet the kingdom lives on under the usurper's rule...
Liloupar: This looks like someone tossed a little wildcat into a sack and threw the sack into the porcelain store...
Liloupar: This place has been sealed by rocks... Perhaps another punch shall avail us here?
Liloupar: This should be it. My master, please halt the carriage.
Liloupar: Well! I'm not against your squabbling and all... But vandalizing the machines in our vicinity is most perilous!
Liloupar: Well, there is this hole over there that the big iron ball created as it fell. We should be able to reach our destination if we go through it.
Liloupar: Well, well, aren't you a hasty lad? Far too hasty for your own good...
Liloupar: Well, you man of indecision, you'll never know if you try!
Liloupar: What's so funny about that? Poor child, you've never seen a carriage, have you?
Liloupar: Why, I was led to believe that we were to embark on an adventure... And here we are, playing humble plumbers to some withered, millennia-old husk.
Liloupar: Will Matriarch Babel have eyes only for the proof and forgive the shame caused by your brutal slaughter? I, for one, think she'd much rather hear some good news.
Liloupar: Worry not, little one, you still have me.
Liloupar: Yes, but my mistress never forgot her and waited for her return. She was one of the three companions, after all. Unfortunately, it seems that she never did come back.
Liloupar: Yes. Ferigees, my sister... I have returned.
Liloupar: Yes. Water is a blessing from the Three Gods, so the water supply station is also a temple. Is that so weird?
Liloupar: Yes... There lies my mistress. I've been away for so long... How I have longed to see her face again.
Liloupar: You have seen that which I speak of.
Liloupar: You're a good child...
Once that happens, I shall revoke all the crimes that Babel has laid on your person, and pave the way for your next investment...
Paimon: *chuckle* That would be quite the scene!
Paimon: ...!
Paimon: Addiction is not okay, either! It's unacceptable no matter what!
Paimon: Ah, alas for this big iron ball... It is in pieces now.
Paimon: Ahh! What is this place?
Paimon: Beats Paimon... Hey, that's not the point!
Paimon: Eh? So you can sense stuff like that too? Wow, you're better than a compass! Maybe Paimon should call you Liloupass from now on.
Paimon: Gah! Paimon hasn't even figured out what's going on yet, and we're about to fight already!?
Paimon: Gah, stop wallowing in self-pity, Jeht. You're better than this! Also, we're here for you!
Paimon: Good. Now that all the pipes are connected, that mechanism should be working.
Paimon: Haha, just like Jeht!
Paimon: Hey! Don't you make it sound like it's something normal!
Paimon: Hmm, but the exit is all locked up. Paimon wonders if there's something around that can help us unlock it.
Paimon: Hmm... Jeht, Paimon's more worried about you, honestly. You okay there?
Paimon: Hmm... You two didn't argue at all. That sure is a new one.
Paimon: Hmph! Still joking, huh? Alright, alright! Let's get out of here!
Paimon: Huh!?
Paimon: Huh? Seems like Aderfi dropped something. Let's check it out.
Paimon: Jeht...
Paimon: Liloupar doesn't seem to like you much. Paimon doubts she'd come with you!
Paimon: Now we're talking! Huh. Aren't we supposed to head out now? We can go up using this platform, right?
Paimon: Pfft. "Halt the carriage."
Paimon: Speaking of which, where are we going?
Paimon: That's Jeht for you, always so swift with whatever she does...
Paimon: The Eternal Oasis must be up above! It's anyone's guess as to what's in there... Well, other than the Goddess of Flowers, anyway!
Paimon: The big iron ball is totally broken, and there are no clear paths around.
Paimon: The door in the passage way is open. Let's keep looking for clues!
Paimon: The gate is open. Let's carry on.
Paimon: This should be the last mechanism. Shall we go check out the "Goblet" at the center?
Paimon: Ugh, does it look like they'd listen to you and suddenly behave themselves!?
Paimon: Umm... Let's not wallow in the sad things, Jeht. The past is the past... and anyway, we've beaten all the bad guys now, haven't we?
Paimon: Well, sure sounds like she's Liloupar's sister, alright.
Paimon: What's the matter? Are you unhappy, Jeht?
Paimon: Whoa... That was horrible... Are you alright, (Traveler)? Let's get out of here as soon as we can! Who knows if this big guy might explode again...
Paimon: Wow... If that's the case, Paimon certainly doesn't want to be a guest at their place...
Paimon: Yeah, although, uh... she looks like a bottle right now, you should've asked for her consent first.
Secret Letter to Aderfi
The ancient mechanism named "Ferigees," or perhaps the Jinni "Ferigees" who indwelled the mechanism, is silenced forever.
The princess sees the consequences of her innocuous error, her sanity giving way to madness...Her invincible husband is shaken by the tragedy, his greedy heart blinded by ecstasy...All the sorrow, joy, and madness are finally turned into food for the Jinn-Mother to devour...
Through the Jinni's entranced eyes, you see flaring flames and blunt blades...You see the freezing moonlight and viscous honey...Through the golden honey, you see the underlying scheme...
To Aderfi:
Under Liloupar's protection, you pass the leaguer of the sandstorm and land safely on the platform.
You return to the cockpit of the giant machine with Azariq and Jeht...