 I'm alright, actually.
Jafar: Oh, that's good, that's good.
Jafar: Still, your steps are hurried. You seek to fix some problem or another, perhaps?
Jafar: Well, I don't know what problem it is that you seek to solve, but I have a suggestion...
 Lots of things...
Jafar: Ah... Indeed, I can see that you are tired and pressed for time.
Jafar: You must have something on your mind that needs to be resolved as soon as possible.
 Quest DescriptionThe foodie researcher Jafar is still studying "eating" today...
 Thank you.
Jafar has the ingredients ready and starts cooking...
Jafar: (Hmm, I should keep in mind to enjoy my life...)
Jafar: Ah, now that's a nice potato. Just wait a moment...
Jafar: Ah, yes — and don't be too picky when you search for that mint sprig.
Jafar: Ah... Indeed, I can see that you are tired and pressed for time.
Jafar: Any hey, don't make a big deal out of looking for one.
Jafar: Haste is indeed a normal part of life, yes... but as we often put it, even a raging river must sometimes flow peacefully through a serene stream.
Jafar: Hmmm...
(Dialogue continues randomly based on the version of the commission)
Jafar: How about we enjoy some Shawarma Wraps?
Jafar: I let my mind flow peacefully through that serene stream... this is how I relax.
Jafar: It doesn't matter how you find the Raw Meat, by the way.
Jafar: Just remember that you are looking for a piece of Raw Meat. This is no troublesome matter, and you shouldn't see it as such.
Jafar: My pleasure. Enjoy your meal!
Jafar: Oh, that's good, that's good.
Jafar: Please find me a Potato.
Jafar: Please find me a piece of Raw Meat.
Jafar: Please find me a sprig of Mint.
Jafar: Rather than rushing about, I'd like to invite you to have a delicious meal with me if you are willing to wait but a little while.
Jafar: Remember, you are just looking for a regular sprig. You aren't looking for troubles of any kind.
Jafar: Remember, you are looking for a regular, run-of-the-mill potato, and there's no wrong choice.
Jafar: Still, your steps are hurried. You seek to fix some problem or another, perhaps?
Jafar: That is an excellent sprig of Mint, indeed! Now, please wait here a while.
Jafar: That is very fresh meat indeed! Now, please wait here for a while.
Jafar: These are the Panipuri made with the ingredients you brought. Please help yourself.
(Dialogue continues in Conclusion)
Jafar: These are the Shawarma Wraps made with the ingredients you brought. Please help yourself.
(Dialogue continues in Conclusion)
Jafar: This is the Minty Bean Soup, made with the ingredients you brought. Please help yourself.
(Dialogue continues in Conclusion)
Jafar: To me, eating means leaving all my exhausting work and research behind for a time...
Jafar: Well, I don't know what problem it is that you seek to solve, but I have a suggestion...
Jafar: Well, enjoy your meal to the fullest. I hope that it can also put your mind at ease.
Jafar: Why don't we enjoy some Minty Bean Soup together?
Jafar: Why don't we enjoy some Panipuri?
Jafar: You don't have to pay me any Mora. Just help me find a Potato.
Jafar: You don't have to pay me any Mora. Just help me find a piece of Raw Meat.
Jafar: You don't have to pay me any Mora. Just help me find a sprig of Mint.
Jafar: You must have something on your mind that needs to be resolved as soon as possible.
Jafar: You must take a little break every now and then.
Jafar: You seem to be in a rush, my friend. What's bothering you?