 Good friends!
 How should I explain this...
 I eat and search for treasures with Paimon.
Paimon: Yes! And we're not just "people who know each other," but the best of companions!
Arama: Good for you, Nara (Traveler), Paimon!
 It's not quite that simple, either...
 Now let's talk about business...
 Quest DescriptionTalk to Arakavi in Vanarana, which might help the groundwork for Festival Utsava.
 You know the kids of Vimara Village?
Arakavi: Ah, Arana... It's been a while since we last met. I hope all is well, and that the little Nara at Vimara Village are well, too.
Arakavi: Anyway, you can find Arayasa, Aradasa, and Arasudraka looking for Ashvattha's Concourses out there. Arama, you go and help them.
Arakavi: As long as we know each other's stories, we know each other. This is because the Aranara's world is a place for songs and dreams.
Arakavi: How fascinating. I've heard a lot about Nara before, but this is the first time I've ever touched one. It's a very special feeling!
Arakavi: How should I put it... You must be able to squeeze into the narrowest tree hollows. How convenient!
Arakavi: It's Arama and the Golden Nara. You are so tall. But the silver one by your side...
Arakavi: It's been a long time since we last hosted a Nara here. Many seeds have grown into trees, and many stories have become legends. That Nara was a good Nara — or so we've heard.
Arakavi: Nice to meet you! When Festival Utsava comes, we shall sing together in happiness!
Arakavi: Of course I do!
Arakavi: That's true. We need the Bija, right? I've sent Arayasa, Aradasa, and Arasudraka to look for Ashvattha's Concourses.
Arakavi: The forest will remember. No good thing will ever fade away, and all suffering will come to nourish something beautiful...
Arakavi: Very well. Nice to have met you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
Arakavi: What counts, then? Do we need to "shake hands" after the "introduction" like Nara do?
Arama and Arakavi: Good friends!
Arama: Arakavi is right. As long as we hear about Nara (Traveler) through songs and see what Nara (Traveler) looks like through dreams, it'll count as knowing you.
Arama: Ashvattha's Concourses are very, very sacred places. We don't usually go there. We would prefer to let the Vasara Trees sleep and dream, until all memories come together in Sarva.
Arama: Good for you, Nara (Traveler), Paimon!
Arama: I know what Paimon means. Nara eat and look for "treasures" together. Then they know each other, right?
Arama: I will. If Nara (Traveler) and Paimon run into us in the forest, we can go adventuring together!
Arama: Nara (Traveler) is good, too. Strong and brave, like a sapling sprouting out of a rock wall. And they are here to help Arana.
Arama: We all do! Arana came back and told us stories about the little Nara. Nara Iotham, Nara Bahram, and Narana are our friends.
Arama: Well, based on Nara customs, we should do introductions first. This is Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. This is Arakavi. You guys shake hands.
Paimon: Hmm? What about the silver one?
Paimon: Paimon thinks that we can leave this aside for now... After all, we're already friends!
Paimon: Paimon's not sure that counts as "knowing someone"...
Paimon: Spot on! But Paimon's wondering... Why don't you guys know where these concourses are?
Paimon: Yes! And we're not just "people who know each other," but the best of companions!
Paimon: Yes. Since we're going to celebrate Festival Utsava, Arakavi needs to make some preparations!
You are a little lost, but you shake hands with Arakavi anyway...You try not to use too much strength.Arakavi's hand feels... interesting to the touch.