 About Viktor's commission...
 About Viktor's wood...
 Alright.
 Am I taking commissions from the Fatui?
Viktor: Of course not, you'll just be doing commissions for Viktor.
 Another Harbinger?
 Aren't you with the Fatui?
Viktor: Yes, so what? I mean... Who says a Fatuus can't make toys for kids?
Viktor: Besides, I'm just the supply guy. As for all those fancy great deals, I'll just leave them to the Lords.
 Does he have a child to cajole too?
 Don't you want to return to Snezhnaya?
Viktor: It's not that bad for me... I don't have any relatives in Snezhnaya, and I'm used to traveling. It's quite comfortable here in Sumeru too...
Viktor: I only spoke about returning to Snezhnaya because it was too boring in Mondstadt... *cough*!
Viktor: Anyway, I'm leaving this to you. I'll have your payment ready.
 Go back and visit her yourself, then.
Viktor: Mr. Vsevolod will give me a real hiding if I do that, so forget it.
Viktor: I don't quite dare to send a letter directly either.
Viktor: Receiving a letter from a Fatuus sounds like a bad thing. Hahaha...
 Go back and visit her yourself.
Viktor: Mr. Vsevolod will definitely kick my rear end if I do that. Forget it.
Viktor: I don't quite dare to send a letter directly either.
Viktor: Receiving a letter from a Fatuus sounds like a bad thing, after all. Hahaha...
 Have you not bought the spices yet?
 Hi!
 How's your wood carving going?
 I don't want to get to know a Fatuus.
 I don't want to join the Fatui.
 I never expected this from you, Viktor...
 I still don't really trust you even now.
 I'm just stopping by...
Viktor: So you're still traveling. Just can't stop, can you?
 I've been commissioned by Viktor...
 Is this a Fatuus' job too?
Viktor: Uh... Inspecting the quality of spices is within the scope of my job, of course.
 Is this another one of the Fatui's plans?
Viktor: Of course not. Mr. Vsevolod would have asked for funding if it were. Why would I even have to ask for your help then?
Viktor: Anyway, I'm trying to get away from the Fatui now, so I don't care about any of their plans.
Viktor: I've had enough of being suspected all the time...
Viktor: Oh, don't tell anyone about this, or they'll call me in for a little... chat...
 It's the Fatui's fault that things are like that...
 Just get my payment ready.
Viktor: No problem. There'll be enough to go around, believe me!
 Just get my payment ready.
Viktor: Rest assured. I won't let you down.
 Just get the payment ready.
Viktor: Don't worry, I've prepared real currency for you this time.
 Pulcinella?
 Quest DescriptionYou see a familiar face in Sumeru City...
 Seriously...
 She's doing really well.
Viktor: Alright. *cough* Come on, don't look at me like that. I was just a little concerned!
 She's doing really well.
Viktor: Alright. *cough*... Don't look at me like that. I was just a little concerned!
 So, what are you doing in Sumeru?
 That's right, come back to Mondstadt with me!
Viktor: Ha, ha, ha, alright. Want a pair of shackles to lead me away while you're at it?
Viktor: Okay, enough joking around. I've got things to deal with.
 That's your own fault, alright?
 V—Viktor?
 We aren't Fatui...
 Well, that works better for me.
 What are you up to now?
 What do you need Windwheel Aster for?
 Who says I trust you now? Stop cottoning up to me!
 Why are you suddenly asking that?
 You Fatui are real children at heart, aren't you...
 You just wanted food, right?
Viktor: It's part of my job! Am I the kind of person who neglects his job and only thinks about food? Trust me, alright?
 You sure seem happy about all this...
Viktor: Huh? Uh... Sort of? I wouldn't consider it out of the ordinary. I go to work every day, after all.
 You sure you're not up to anything...?
Viktor: Come on, when did I play dirty tricks in our trades before? Don't worry, I can't be bothered, anyway... What's wrong with a peaceful, simple life?
 You're not trying to pump the kids for information... Are you?
Viktor: Hey! I'd never do that! What's with your horrible stereotype of us Fatui?
 You're really planning on settling down in Sumeru, huh?
Hamawi: *sigh* I knew dealing with the Fatui wouldn't end well.
Hamawi: *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...
Hamawi: ...
Hamawi: Anyway, I can only leave my cart there for now and see if I can hire someone to deal with the situation.
Hamawi: Are you talking about the wood that the Fatuus ordered?
Hamawi: Aren't you a Fatuus? Then why are you helping him?
Hamawi: I dare not go over there, nor can I find someone to get rid of those monsters so soon...
Hamawi: If you are anxious to get the wood, I'll mark the approximate location of the cart on the map for you, then you can go take a look for yourself.
Hamawi: Thank you. I'll head over with a few others later and bring the wood back.
Hamawi: This wood... You've chased away all the monsters? You're stronger than you look...
Hamawi: We were attacked by monsters while transporting that wood. All of us made it back alive, but our cart didn't. We were forced to leave the wood by the roadside.
Hamawi: What awful luck...
Jut: Did you get the Windwheel Aster?
Jut: I'll take it. Tell him to leave making a sachet to me.
Jut: This is a Windwheel Aster? Hmm, an interesting plant indeed...
Jut: What does a Windwheel Aster smell like?
Jut: Yes, I did make an agreement with him. He'll help me find rare plants, and I'll help him make a sachet.
Jut: You're the one he hired to help, right? If you get a Windwheel Aster, you can just pass it to me.
Lambad starts cooking...
Lambad: Did you get the potatoes?
Lambad: Hello there. Is there anything I can help you with?
Lambad: I know! Traveler, can you get me two potatoes?
Lambad: In return... I'll make you some Panipuri. Thanks.
Lambad: It's done. This serving is for you. Please take the other two servings of Panipuri to those two.
Lambad: Lunch? Oh my, we were quite busy today, so almost all the ingredients have been used up...
Lambad: Oh, this is about the spices he asked me to purchase, right? I've got them right here, and I'll send them over in a while.
Lambad: Perfect. These should be enough. Please give me a moment.
Paimon: This should be the wood Viktor bought... Let's take some back.
(Obtain Normal Wood)
Viktor: "Dear Lily"... Wait, I can't write that.
Viktor: "Hi, Lily"... Well, that doesn't sound too bad...
Viktor: (What a wonderful place. Ah, if only I could stay here forever...)
Viktor: *sigh* Let's stop here. Traveler, I've ordered another batch of wood from Hamawi. Please help me take a look at how it's going.
Viktor: *sigh* The names of our Lord Harbingers are no secret. I can never understand why he's so antsy about it.
Viktor: *sigh* Writing a letter to her makes me more nervous than writing a report for Mr. Vsevolod...
Viktor: After giving it a lot of thought, I've decided to write Lily a letter. Leaving without saying goodbye was a terrible decision...
Viktor: After some discussions with Mr. Vsevolod, we've decided to commission Mr. Lambad to purchase spices for us.
Viktor: After work, I just grab some food and get myself a nice sunny spot for some wood carving.
Viktor: Ahem, well, that's enough of that. Now that you're also here, Traveler, let's continue our "equivalent exchange," if you're in.
Viktor: All in all, that's the situation here. I wasn't able to return to Snezhnaya, but I kinda like Sumeru. There's food, entertainment, and a pretty nice environment here.
Viktor: Alright, let me make the commission clear.
Viktor: Alright. *cough* Come on, don't look at me like that. I was just a little concerned!
Viktor: Alright. *cough*... Don't look at me like that. I was just a little concerned!
Viktor: And here's the payment I promised you. Tally it up if you have to.
Viktor: And you know what? My wood carvings are actually popular among kids. They have been bothering me about it, so I promised to carve one for them each.
Viktor: Anyway, I'll be leaving this to you, Traveler.
Viktor: Anyway, I'll leave this to you, Traveler.
Viktor: Anyway, I'm leaving this to you. I'll have your payment ready.
Viktor: Anyway, I'm trying to get away from the Fatui now, so I don't care about any of their plans.
Viktor: Anyway, make sure you count your remuneration up. I prepared the exact amount, Traveler.
Viktor: Anyway, make sure you tally your remuneration, Traveler. I prepared the exact amount.
Viktor: Besides that... Ask him if he has any good food ready. It's almost mealtime...
Viktor: Besides, I'm just the supply guy. As for all those fancy great deals, I'll just leave them to the Lords.
Viktor: But I couldn't afford the spices in his shop... So, I offered him "equivalent exchange."
Viktor: But I don't recognize many spices from Sumeru, so I'm having to do it slowly by trial and error...
Viktor: But I'm also out of stories, so your payment will be in real currency this time around.
Viktor: But another order came and I was sent to Sumeru City to assist Mr. Vsevolod. Moreover, I was told that I was being transferred to Lord Pulcinella's command.
Viktor: But he didn't really get angry about it. He just told me to stay focused while I'm at work... He even asked me for a wood carving of a bunny.
Viktor: But how should I start my letter to Lily?
Viktor: But let's get back to business. Because my... work schedule for inspecting the quality of spices has been too tight, the spices are consumed rapidly.
Viktor: But there's nothing I can do. I'm a Fatuus after all.
Viktor: But, you know... I didn't expect to see you here in Sumeru...
Viktor: Come on, Rudolf can't have sent you to beat me up, right? I did nothing but send Lily a little gift way back when!
Viktor: Come on, when did I play dirty tricks in our trades before? Don't worry, I can't be bothered, anyway... What's wrong with a peaceful, simple life?
Viktor: Don't worry, I've prepared real currency for you this time.
Viktor: D—Do you have any Windwheel Aster?
Viktor: Eh!? Traveler!? What brings you here to Sumeru?
Viktor: Ha, ha, ha, alright. Want a pair of shackles to lead me away while you're at it?
Viktor: Hehe, my current job also comes with lots of free time, and no one's keeping an eye on me...
Viktor: Hello, Traveler. You couldn't have come at a better time.
Viktor: Here's your payment. Now, I'll go back to writing Lily's letter.
Viktor: Hey! I'd never do that! What's with your horrible stereotype of us Fatui?
Viktor: Hmm... How should I carve this again...
Viktor: How did it go? Has my wood arrived?
Viktor: How should I start my letter to Lily?
Viktor: However... Haha, everyone gives me those skeptical looks, just like the one you gave me when we first talked.
Viktor: Huh? Uh... Sort of? I wouldn't consider it out of the ordinary. I go to work every day, after all.
Viktor: I can't go talk to him during working hours, or Mr. Vsevolod will scold me for sure.
Viktor: I didn't expect myself to be able to pick up wood carving again...
Viktor: I didn't expect myself to ever be able to pick up wood carving again...
Viktor: I didn't say goodbye to her before I left. I hope she isn't angry...
Viktor: I don't quite dare to send a letter directly either.
Viktor: I only spoke about returning to Snezhnaya because it was too boring in Mondstadt... *cough*!
Viktor: I ordered some wood from Hamawi lately, but it hasn't been delivered yet.
Viktor: I promised Jut that I'd get him a Windwheel Aster, but I can't return to Mondstadt right now...
Viktor: I think he might really be homesick, unlike me...
Viktor: I'm counting on you. I'll be waiting for you here.
Viktor: I'm trying to make a dish from Sumeru using Snezhnayan cooking methods.
Viktor: I've had enough of being suspected all the time...
Viktor: I've heard that Mr. Vsevolod's orders have kept him from going home to his family in Snezhnaya for a very long time now.
Viktor: If these days continue, I might just settle down here in Sumeru...
Viktor: It doesn't sound like a big deal, but it's certainly nicer than idling away in the Mondstadt Cathedral.
Viktor: It's not that bad for me... I don't have any relatives in Snezhnaya, and I'm used to traveling. It's quite comfortable here in Sumeru too...
Viktor: It's part of my job! Am I the kind of person who neglects his job and only thinks about food? Trust me, alright?
Viktor: Lambad really is a reliable boss and a really nice person.
Viktor: Monsters again? Sheesh, is it just me, or does it feel like every cart in the world is being attacked by monsters...
Viktor: Monsters again? Why does it feel like every cart in the world is being attacked by monsters...
Viktor: Mr. Vsevolod is working all day. In fact, I've even heard that he hasn't been back to Snezhnaya in years. I really wonder how he made it up till now...
Viktor: Mr. Vsevolod said that my wood carvings have a strong Snezhnayan style, and that he really likes them.
Viktor: Mr. Vsevolod will definitely kick my rear end if I do that. Forget it.
Viktor: Mr. Vsevolod will give me a real hiding if I do that, so forget it.
Viktor: My original orders were to relocate from Mondstadt to Snezhnaya.
Viktor: Never mind. The wood got here, and that's what counts.
Viktor: No problem. There'll be enough to go around, believe me!
Viktor: N—No! What are you talking about? Don't you remember that we spoke about sending Lily a letter?
Viktor: Of course not, you'll just be doing commissions for Viktor.
Viktor: Of course not. Mr. Vsevolod would have asked for funding if it were. Why would I even have to ask for your help then?
Viktor: Of course, making a sachet is absolutely beyond me, nor do I have enough materials. That's why I asked Jut to gather the materials for me.
Viktor: Oh, Mr. Vsevolod and I are mainly responsible for logistical support and coordination. In short, we go shopping a lot.
Viktor: Oh, don't tell anyone about this, or they'll call me in for a little... chat...
Viktor: Oh, it smells really good. I bet Vsevolod would like it too.
Viktor: Oh, right. Here's the payment I promised you. Count it up if you like.
Viktor: Oh, right. Here's the payment I promised you. Make sure to tally it up.
Viktor: Okay, enough joking around. I've got things to deal with.
Viktor: Okay... Basically, I'm quite happy with my life now, and I even managed to keep some savings.
Viktor: Receiving a letter from a Fatuus sounds like a bad thing, after all. Hahaha...
Viktor: Receiving a letter from a Fatuus sounds like a bad thing. Hahaha...
Viktor: Remember how I was busy with the spices? I heard Lambad mention something called a "sachet" during our discussion.
Viktor: Rest assured. I won't let you down.
Viktor: Simply put, I'll give him rare plants in exchange for him helping me to gather rare spices.
Viktor: So I picked back my childhood wood carving hobby back up. And guess what, Sumeru happens to be rich in wood. Perfect for practice!
Viktor: So you're still traveling. Just can't stop, can you?
Viktor: So, Traveler, could you help me with this?
Viktor: So, Traveler, how did it go?
Viktor: So, they tell me that ladies are really fond of these "sachets"...
Viktor: So, what did Lambad say?
Viktor: To be specific, various flowers are dried in a small cloth pouch, some even sprinkle a dash of perfume on it...
Viktor: Traveler! You're finally here. Uh... I have a question for you...
Viktor: Traveler, perfect timing! Come over here and help me with something.
Viktor: Traveler, please help me ask Mr. Lambad about how the purchase of spices is going.
Viktor: Traveler, would you please do me a favor and ask Hamawi about my wood delivery?
Viktor: Ugh, never mind... it's all good as long my wood gets here.
Viktor: Ugh, who's there? Stop bothering me already, I'm...
Viktor: Uh, by the way... Um, is Lily doing well?
Viktor: Uh... Inspecting the quality of spices is within the scope of my job, of course.
Viktor: Uh... Mr. Vsevolod found out that I've been carving wood in secret...
Viktor: Unfortunately, Mr. Vsevolod is always away for work, or I would have introduced you to him.
Viktor: Unlike the others who instinctively become wary of us when they find out that we're Fatui.
Viktor: We'd just be saying hello. We aren't high-ranking Fatui, we just manage logistics. What kind of trouble could we possibly bring you?
Viktor: We're regulars at Mr. Lambad's tavern, so we trust his judgment.
Viktor: Why are these spices so expensive?
Viktor: Wonderful, thank you, Traveler.
Viktor: Yes, so what? I mean... Who says a Fatuus can't make toys for kids?
Viktor: Yes... Well, no. I shall stop here, or Mr. Vsevolod would criticize my insensitivity to affairs of confidentiality.
You tell Viktor what happened...