 About our payment...
 About the goods...
(Same as above)
 About the goods...
(Submit 4 Harra Fruits and 3 Zaytun Peaches to Elber)
 Are these enough for it...?
 Calm Sumpter Beast
 Didn't you have any guard with you?
 Don't mention it.
 I don't want to get kicked...
 It was nothing.
 It's good to see they're alright.
 Nice and slow...
 No offense to your hooves...
 No one was protecting you?
 Paimon, you can feed it.
 Please enjoy your food...
 Quest DescriptionYou find someone in danger in the outskirts of Sumeru...
 They could knock me over...
 You are quick to catch on to that, Paimon.
Elber: *sigh* I'll make sure to hire some escorts next time...
Elber: *sigh* You simply can't disturb Sumpter Beasts while they're eating.
Elber: Besides this one, there was another Sumpter Beast that had wandered off.
Elber: But I didn't expect the hilichurls to spook my two Sumpter Beasts.
Elber: But all my stuff is on those two Sumpter Beasts... Traveler, could you please help bring them back for me?
Elber: Don't worry. They are gentle in nature, it's just those hilichurls knocked over their food.
Elber: Great! I can't thank you enough, Traveler!
Elber: Help! Somebody help me!
Elber: I could have gone broke if I'd lost the goods and these two Sumpter Beasts.
Elber: I happen to be in the business of those gears. You could use all these.
Elber: I must check its condition now. Hope it wasn't hurt...
Elber: I never expected to get attacked by those hilichurls...
Elber: I noticed one of them knocked over the hilichurls and ran away...
Elber: I thought, well, I know a thing or two about fighting monsters anyway, and it's not a long haul, so I might as well go on my own.
Elber: I was run down by one before I could even react, and when I came to my feet, I got kicked by the other one.
Elber: I'll mark their locations roughly and leave the rest to you, Traveler.
Elber: I'll return to the city as soon as I get the goods in order.
Elber: I'm Elber, a businessman. I was just relaxing here...
Elber: I'm running a small business. Can't afford that kind of price...
Elber: Luckily, this one's looking good.
Elber: Now both Sumpter Beasts are back... Thank you so much, Traveler.
Elber: Oh, yes, your payment... Please wait a second.
Elber: Please feed the Sumpter Beasts when you find them.
Elber: Please take these. I can tell from your looks that you have been venturing around.
Elber: Thank you, Traveler. I can't express my gratitude enough.
Elber: Thanks again, Traveler.
(Quest ends)
Elber: The other one seems to have been taken away by the hilichurls.
Elber: The prices they asked for were just astronomical.
Elber: They had traveled so far with the loads and were very hungry. That's why they got so restive after their food was knocked over...
Elber: They soon ran away, and I was besieged by the hilichurls... Lucky for me, you were here to help.
Elber: They won't throw tantrums as long as there's food.
Elber: Traveler, please help me find the other Sumpter Beast.
Elber: Traveler, please help me find the other one.
Elber: Well, I'll just leave the food to you.
Elber: Well, that costs you Mora...
Elber: Whew. Thanks, Traveler...
Elber: Whew... I thought I'd lost it.
Elber: Whew... The Sumpter Beasts have been recovered and the goods are mostly intact. I should be off.
Elber: You got my two Sumpter Beasts back! Thank you so much, Traveler!
Elber: You'll be fairly paid for the return of my goods!
Paimon: Ahem! Anyway, we've got to drive them away and take the Sumpter Beast back.
Paimon: Feed it with the food Mr. Elber gave us.
Paimon: Heh, it's time to use Elemental Sight! Follow the water's trail and we'll find the beast.
Paimon: If it trod in the puddle, there would be water on the hooves.
Paimon: It seems less angry now.
Paimon: It seems to be in a good mood.
Paimon: It shouldn't be too far ahead. Let's move.
Paimon: Let's bring it back.
Paimon: Let's bring it back. Careful, don't get kicked...
Paimon: No! You go! Hurry!
Paimon: Oh, remember to bring the cargo back to Mr. Elber.
Paimon: People could get stunned by a mere kick.
Paimon: See the footprints by the puddle? Did the Sumpter Beast leave that?
Paimon: So they were disrupted when eating and their food was messed up...
Paimon: Someone's in danger! We've got to go help!
Paimon: The box has a lot of things inside, probably goods dropped by the fleeing Sumpter Beast.
Paimon: They don't seem to want to make a meal out of it.
Paimon: This is one of the locations Mr. Elber marked for us.
Paimon: This one... looks a bit irritated...
Paimon: Ugh... Paimon is getting angry just thinking about that!
Paimon: Uh-oh...
Paimon: We have heard in town that normally merchants would hire the Eremites to escort their goods.
Paimon: What are the hilichurls doing around that Sumpter Beast?
Paimon: Whoa! This Sumpter Beast is huge. It must hurt so bad getting kicked by it.
Paimon: Whoa... Look at its hooves. So sturdy.
The Sumpter Beast gulps down the food. It seems to be in a better mood now...
The Sumpter Beast slowly swallows the food. It seems less restive now...
You go back to Elber with the Sumpter Beast...