 But how?
Javi: I buried the box near a tree, so... let's try digging beside the trees.
Javi: Please, lend me a hand, Traveler. I'll pay you.
 Did you leave a mark?
 Dreams are never good or bad.
 Fine...
 Here, the flower seeds.
 Here, your "Dream Box."
 I don't see anything wrong with that.
 It has already flown away...
Javi: Yes, my dream has flown away, and that's exactly why I'm digging the box out to see my dream back then.
Javi: Please, Traveler, just a tiny favor here. I'll have your payment ready.
 Leave it to me.
 Let's see your dream first.
 Living with all your heart is more than common.
 Living with all your heart is never boring.
 Please save one for me.
 Quest DescriptionYou meet a strange person outside the forest.
 Seeds are coming!
 So your dream has flown away...
Javi: Hahaha... Can't say I disagree, since I can't even remember what I wrote...
Javi: But even if my dream can fly away, the box cannot.
 We've got a box.
Javi: Haha... I've got one, too...
 What are you looking for?
 Why are you doing this?
Javi: Hahaha... Let's just say I'm being spontaneous.
Javi: I will never realize my dream, because of all the years behind me, and... the fact that I don't actually care about the dream anymore.
Javi: But Ami is still young. She can still try to realize her dream.
Javi: As a boring adult, gifting her a flower pot is the least I can do. Hope that would show my support and encourage her.
 Why did you do that?
 You can do it!
 You got one, too?
Ami: Besides, dad is always busy, and he never lets me go far...
Ami: But if I move the flowers further, I might forget about them. That's also a pity, for the dying flowers...
Ami: Great! But dad might say no...
Ami: I wasn't serious about the box or the paper! So it's alright, you don't need to apologize!
Ami: Is this... for me?
Ami: Okay! I... I want more flowers, then! Sumeru Rose is my favorite! Someday... I'll surround my dad's shop with Sumeru Roses!
Ami: Thank you! Lemme think... I want a Sweet Flower, too, and what else...
Ami: Thanks... But if I do that beside my dad's shop, bugs might get into the pot...
Ami: That would be a pity, for the bugs in the pot, and the grown-ups having bugs in their food.
Javi: "I hope to be a Vanara, and live in the forest forever..."
Javi: *sigh* Come on, the box can't have grown legs...
Javi: *sigh* That's okay, though... As long as they keep their dreams.
Javi: ...
Javi: Ahem! Thanks for your help, Traveler. Please take this as compensation for your trouble.
Javi: Ahem... Ami, you wanted to be a florist, right? You can start with planting these.
Javi: Alright, I should leave now. Thanks for your help today, Traveler.
Javi: Although I could only visit after work, I do have some free time.
Javi: Anyway, I'm coming to dig my box out, so that I can have some closure.
Javi: As a boring adult, gifting her a flower pot is the least I can do. Hope that would show my support and encourage her.
Javi: Better think about ways to get more Mora, and that's what gives some good sleep.
Javi: But Ami is still young. She can still try to realize her dream.
Javi: But I searched around and found nothing. Could it be that someone took it?
Javi: But even if my dream can fly away, the box cannot.
Javi: But it's all gone after all this time, and the trees nearby have totally grown different...
Javi: Come on... Kiddo, being a Vanara won't pay you much.
Javi: Don't worry, this flower pot has no use for me anyway. Please take it.
Javi: Enough about my boring dream, let's talk about Ami.
Javi: Good, that's a beautiful dream, little girl. Let's do our best for that!
Javi: Haha... I've got one, too...
Javi: Hahaha, that was a childhood game I played with friends.
Javi: Hahaha... Can't say I disagree, since I can't even remember what I wrote...
Javi: Hahaha... Let's just say I'm being spontaneous.
Javi: Hehe, thank you. We'll split, then. I'm staying here, and you can search there.
Javi: Hehe... Hope she won't grow up like me, a common and boring guy.
Javi: Huh? When did you arrive? I didn't even notice...
Javi: I buried the box near a tree, so... let's try digging beside the trees.
Javi: I didn't expect this as a child, you know. We only set up a tiny sign as a reminder.
Javi: I even opened it, and found a piece of paper with Ami's name on it.
Javi: I happened to have a spare flower pot that I can give her.
Javi: I just got the vague impression that the box was buried somewhere near.
Javi: I remember burying it beside a tree...
Javi: I remember that kid, the daughter of Jahangir, who was always found near the food shop.
Javi: I should definitely do something to make amends to her since I opened her "Dream Box" without consent.
Javi: I was just... having some thoughts after seeing the "dream" I've buried.
Javi: I will never realize my dream, because of all the years behind me, and... the fact that I don't actually care about the dream anymore.
Javi: I'm Javi, a... normal salesperson. I'm looking for the "Dream Box" I buried before.
Javi: I'm counting on you for the seeds, Traveler. See you beside Jahangir's shop.
Javi: I've asked someone to find some seeds. They should arrive at any minute...
Javi: Lemme see...
Javi: Look at all the trees here. I will never find it without help...
Javi: Maybe I should... write down another "dream" and bury it back there...
Javi: Mr. Jahangir and I are basically friends. He should agree if we talk to him together.
Javi: Nothing here either...
Javi: Now the time comes, but... Seems that I'm the only one remembering the promise.
Javi: Oh no. This isn't my Dream Box.
Javi: Oh! I almost forgot, I must take a look at my own dream first...
Javi: Please, Traveler, just a tiny favor here. I'll have your payment ready.
Javi: Please, lend me a hand, Traveler. I'll pay you.
Javi: So she dreamed of becoming a florist, who would care for a lot of flowers...
Javi: So that's my childhood dream? My goodness, I can't believe that's what I wished for...
Javi: So the kid is really into flowers. Hope she could stick to that dream...
Javi: Thanks. I'm not complaining, though.
Javi: That was unexpected. I always thought Jahangir was gonna pass the shop to her.
Javi: That's just some childish ideas. For someone at my age, dreams...
Javi: This is strange... It should be around here. Why can't I find it?
Javi: Traveler, could you help me find it?
Javi: Traveler, do you happen to know somewhere to get some flower seeds?
Javi: Um... We can take care of it together, if you want. How about that?
Javi: We each wrote down the most precious dream we had then, and buried it here. We have agreed on a time when we are gonna gather here again and dig our "Dream Boxes" out.
Javi: Well... If I have to put it into words, it contains my childhood "dreams to be realized."
Javi: Well... Let me think, being a florist starts with learning how to plant flowers.
Javi: Yes, my dream has flown away, and that's exactly why I'm digging the box out to see my dream back then.
Javi: You're... Oh, the Traveler, right? I've heard about you.
Paimon: A tree? B—But Paimon sees lots of trees here!
Paimon: It's not here... Let's check the other trees.
Paimon: Oh wait, there's actually a box here! Let's take it back to him.
Paimon: Paimon sees nothing... Maybe it's beside another tree.
Paimon: That's a strange name... What is in it?
Paimon: These seeds should do. Let's find Mr. Javi.