 (Explain the vision you saw.)
 (You are enthralled by the image.)
 About the bad Nara...
 About the kids' lost memories...
 About the missing kids...
 Alright.
 Are we going back for Festival Utsava?
 I can't wait either.
Paimon: Yeah! Paimon wonders how it compares to the other festivals. Anyway, Paimon's so excited to spend this time with our friends!
Paimon: ...
Paimon: If only Rana were here...
 I see...
Paimon: But why couldn't they remember anything?
 I still have some things I have to do...
Arama: Sure! Let me know when you're ready!
 I will keep it safe.
 I wonder how Rana's doing...?
 I'll do my best.
 I'm not getting my hopes up...
Paimon: ...
 I'm sure I've seen this scene before...
 Is he with the Fatui?
 Let's go.
Arama: See you later, Arana!
Arana: See you later!
You return to Vanarana with Arama...
 Let's hope so.
 Let's hope so.
Paimon: They'll grow up to be somebody great! Speaking of which, do you have any clue on the bad Nara trying to take them away?
 Oh.
 Okay.
 Quest DescriptionAfter all the adventures with the Aranara in the forest, we are getting closer to Bija... Right? Anyway, let's check on Rana first.
 Someone's out to get the kids?
 That makes sense.
Paimon: They'll grow up to be somebody great! Speaking of which, do you have any clue on the bad Nara trying to take them away?
 That's right!
 We must go get the bad guy.
 We'll get that person.
 Where's the "Whoa," Paimon?
Paimon: Come on, Paimon doesn't freak out that easy!
Paimon: Are you coming to get us to celebrate Festival Utsava at Vanarana?
 Whoa!
 You're right.
Araja: Festival Utsava which was once told of in my story... Will I be able to experience it again myself?
Araja: No, they're happy because they made new friends. Even if Aranakin, Aranaga, and Aragaru can't remember anymore, the forest will. The story will always live on.
Araja: Oh, you're back! Everyone was talking about how a very tall, very powerful Nara named (Traveler) helped them out a lot. They were all very happy.
Arama: Arama will go see Arana in a while, too. You guys go ahead! See you later, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
Arama: Arana had to get ready because her power is required for the Bija to come to fruition!
Arama: Arana! Nara (Traveler)! Paimon!
Arama: Festival Utsava is almost ready to go. Can't wait!
Arama: I'll go see Arana too, in a while. You guys go ahead!
Arama: Let's get back then, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
Arama: Let's get back to Vanarana!
Arama: See you later, Arana!
Arama: See you later, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
Arama: So happy to see Nara (Traveler) and Paimon again!
Arama: Sure! Let me know when you're ready!
Arama: Yeah. The Bija needs you, Arana.
Arama: Yes! It's ready now, and everyone's waiting for Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
Arana: Arama! Arana hasn't seen you for quite a while!
Arana: Arana made little Nara sleep and dream, then removed the bad stuff in their dreams. So when they grow, just like saplings growing into big trees, they won't become bad.
Arana: Arana told her many stories about the forest. Starshrooms are the reflection of stars from the sky. Seeing the Nilotpala Lotus bloom means you'll be lucky until the next moonrise.
Arana: Arana was in the ground to preserve Ararakalari powers. This way, Narana won't wither. But Bija, still needed, for her to be strong again.
Arana: Arana will be ready by then.
Arana: Arana will not go. If Arana is away for too long, Ararakalari won't hold up and Narana will be in danger. So, no festival for Arana.
Arana: Arana will teach Nara Iotham and his friends the same. Arana hopes they will grow up fine like Narana. Oh, but they should not ever run into Marana like Rana did!
Arana: Arana would never forgive them. The bad Nara aren't children of the forest. They bring a group of bad Nara Valuka with them.
Arana: Enjoy Festival Utsava, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon! Everyone will be even more delighted if they see you having fun!
Arana: He often hangs around the little Nara and they talk about him too. That's why Arana thinks he's good. But Arana has also seen him talking to the bad Nara about Aranara.
Arana: I haven't played with Narana for a long time. Many suns have risen and set, and many moons have appeared in the sky. Many fruits grew, then returned to the land.
Arana: It's okay, as long as Nara (Traveler) and Paimon are happy, so will Arana, Arama, and everyone at Vanarana.
Arana: Nara (Traveler)! You're all here!
Arana: Nara Iotham, Nara Kavus, and Nara Sudabeh will also grow up. It's okay if they forget, because in the end, the forest will remember. Nothing will be lost.
Arana: Narana grew taller and taller. She was first about Arana's height, and then the size of a small tree. That was when she stopped playing with Arana.
Arana: Narana is all grown up now, so she can't see Arana anymore. But that's okay. Arana is happy knowing she's fine.
Arana: Oh, let Arana explain. Memories and dreams are Aranara's power, their most precious things. With memories and dreams, Aranara can use Ararakalari to help Nara and Aranara in need of help.
Arana: Oh, this is for you, Nara (Traveler).
Arana: Otherwise, little Nara would be afraid. If always afraid, they would believe in the power of "fear," and grow up to be scary bad Nara.
Arana: Promise me, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Arana: Promise that you'll punish that bad Nara, so Nara Iotham, Nara Kavus, and Nara Sudabeh will not be afraid. So that they will grow up like tree sprouts into big, healthy Nara.
Arana: See you later!
Arana: Some Nara can sense the memories in Ararakalari. Nara (Traveler) is one of them.
Arana: Thank you, Nara (Traveler).
Arana: That should be Arana's memory.
Arana: The forest will remember. No good thing ever fades away. All pains will become the nourishment of something beautiful...
Arana: There is a strange Nara in Vimara Village. He's not a child of the forest, but a child of snow. He looks like a good Nara.
Arana: They're Arana's friends, so Arana didn't want them to become bad Nara.
Arana: We hang out in the forest a lot, so Arana taught them things about the forests and language of the plants. They're very good friends, just like Narana.
Arana: Whoa!
Arana: Yes, it was Arana. Nara Iotham, Nara Kavus, and Nara Sudabeh are all friends, so Arana protected them.
Arana: Yes. Arana noticed some bad Nara and Nara Valuka taking them, so Arana helped Nara Kavus and Nara Sudabeh run back when the bad Nara weren't looking.
Arana: Yes. Please take good care of her.
Arana: You said "Whoa" first, White Floaty!
Paimon: ...
Paimon: ...Hey! What's going on, (Traveler)?
Paimon: A flower...?
Paimon: Ah... Paimon doesn't even wanna think about it. People in Vimara Village should treat each other like family... Not to mention that it was that person who caused Rana to become like this...
Paimon: Araja, Arama, we're back!
Paimon: Arama mentioned Arana is getting ready for something, but what can it be?
Paimon: Are you coming to get us to celebrate Festival Utsava at Vanarana?
Paimon: But why couldn't they remember anything?
Paimon: Come on, Paimon doesn't freak out that easy!
Paimon: Geez, you Aranara! Why are you always spooking people like that!
Paimon: Hooray! Festival Utsava! Arana, aren't you coming with us?
Paimon: How could this be?
Paimon: Huh. Arana is not here.
Paimon: If only Rana were here...
Paimon: In Vimara Village...
Paimon: It's Paimon, not White Floaty!
Paimon: It's always nice to have someone help you out, right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Memory?
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Ohh...
Paimon: Okay, Paimon got it. By the way, what just happened to (Traveler)?
Paimon: Paimon wants to say she's having a sweet dream, but that doesn't sound right...
Paimon: Paimon's glad you're okay... Paimon was so worried... You looked like you were going to pass out...
Paimon: Rana seems...
Paimon: Right! Before Iotham, Kavus and Sudabeh went missing too, but they were brought back to the village later. Was that also you?
Paimon: Right. We'll get that person no matter what.
Paimon: Safe and sound, hopefully. We should go check on her.
Paimon: Sounds like Ararakalari is something very important! It was you who used Ararakalari to protect Iotham in that cave, right?
Paimon: They'll grow up to be somebody great! Speaking of which, do you have any clue on the bad Nara trying to take them away?
Paimon: We've been at this for a while. Paimon wonders how Rana's doing?
Paimon: Whoa, you freaked Paimon out!
Paimon: Will they forget the encounters when they grow up, just like Rana?
Paimon: Yeah! Paimon wonders how it compares to the other festivals. Anyway, Paimon's so excited to spend this time with our friends!
Paimon: You know, we should go check on Rana, (Traveler). Maybe she's better now! If so, we can bring her here!
Paimon: ?
Rana: (A blurry image appears in the "bubble" that envelopes Rana.)
Rana: (Rana is still sleeping. She should be fine since Arana's Ararakalari is here.)
You are in a forest, where everything looks massive and serene. You feel very comfortable here.Rays of sunshine peek through the sparkling gold leaves, with grass as tall as you swaying quietly all around, gently caressing your hand as you walk by.
You hear the sound of distressed crying amid the musical melody of the wind blowing through the trees and flowing water. Following the sound, you find a small girl.She looks like she has worn herself out from crying and fallen asleep in the meadow. You walk up to her and softly sing a song that can calm all beings...
You return to Vanarana with Arama...