
(Arama rushes forward to seal Marana's Avatar, but the seal breaks and the Traveler is pushed back)
(Marana's Avatar charges up an attack, but Arama fends off the beam)
(The Traveler's Garland glows yellow and the Traveler remembers the memories with the Aranara)
(Cutscene ends)

(Marana's Avatar appears from the water)

Arama: Once, the land was polluted with toxic blood. Like Nara, Aranara too thought that was the end of the world, but now even the memory of it is gone. The forest is even more luxuriant than it was in the time of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata.

Arama: Once, the land was polluted with toxic blood. Like Nara, Aranara too thought that was the end of the world, but now even the memory of it is gone. The forest today is even more luxuriant than it was yesterday.

Paimon: Well, (Traveler) is Paimon's best friend, so of course (he/she)'s the best person ever! Anyway, Paimon guesses this Withering business has been settled once and for all then, right?
Arama: Marana should fall into slumber now that its avatar has been destroyed. But in a matter of decades, perhaps centuries, it will wake up again.
Arama: It's because Marana's memory has been left in Sarva. Unless that can be completely removed, the memory of "death" that dwells in all things will eventually bring it back again.
Arama: ...But this will take a long time. I believe that by then there will once again come someone as golden as the sun, just like Nara (Traveler) and Nara Varuna, so I wouldn't worry about it.

Paimon: Well, (Traveler) is Paimon's best friend, so of course (he/she)'s the best person ever! Anyway, Tighnari also said there'll be no new Withering Zones! Paimon guesses this Withering business has finally been settled once and for all then, right?
Arama: Yes. May we never meet again, Marana. Many tiny Marana remain in the forest, but we've defeated the greatest one.
Arama: I can sense that all memories about Marana in Sarva have been completely erased. In this case, even the memory and fear of "death" that dwells in all things cannot bring it back ever again.
Arama: There are still many things in the world that covet life. But I believe that there will always be someone as golden as the sun, just like Nara (Traveler) and Nara Varuna, so I wouldn't worry about it.
 Arama is the "seed."
Arama: Having absorbed the memories and energies of Aramuhukunda, the Ashvattha Tree, and the Vasoma Fruits, I have now become the strongest "seed" in the forest.
 Are you ready?
 Goodbye, Arama.
 How did you come all the way here in just a second...
Arama: I've received Aramuhukunda's memories. Through them, I learned how to use Sarva to travel through the forest in a flash. This particular Ararakalari is called "teleportation."
Arana: Arama is amazing. Aramuhukunda must be so glad that you were the one receiving his memory. Arana hasn't teleported in a long, long time either.
 I guess this is it.
 It was really thanks to the garland and everyone's support...
 They gave me the courage to keep going.
 They gave me the strength to stand up.
 Let's bring it to Rana.
 Paimon.
 Quest DescriptionNow, only the final enemy awaits vanquishing. Continue forward. Never, ever, stop moving forward.
 So, next up...
 Step DescriptionMarana's Avatar has been defeated, and a brighter future awaits. Now, it's all up to Arama.
 Step DescriptionThe new Ashvattha Tree is growing. Now, all that's left is to entrust it with using Arana's memories to form the Bija.
 Thank you, Arama.
 They gave me the courage to keep going.
 They gave me the strength to stand up.
 Wait. What are you guys talking about?
Arama: I'm the seed for the new Ashvattha Tree. Having absorbed the memories and energies of Aramuhukunda, the Ashvattha Tree, and the Vasoma Fruits, I have now become the strongest "seed" in the forest.
 We've certainly come a long way.
Paimon: Yeah. Now all we need to do is to give it to Rana, right?
 What should we do?
 You are welcome.
Paimon: That was a close call... Thankfully, (Traveler) was wearing that garland! It's even more amazing than Paimon thought!
Arabalika: I'm sure that Nara (Traveler) will defeat Marana! I have faith!
Aragaru: Go, friend!
Arakanta: Nara (Traveler), faster than Rishboland Tigers!
Arakavi: "Press forward and sing, even if the path is filled with flame..."
Arakavi: Golden Nara! Your song will live in our hearts forever. That's why I'm sure that you will defeat Marana!
Arakunti: Nara (Traveler) is even braver than Nara Varuna. I'm sure you will kick Marana's Avatar out!
Arama: ...But this will take a long time. I believe that by then there will once again come someone as golden as the sun, just like Nara (Traveler) and Nara Varuna, so I wouldn't worry about it.
Arama: A huge Vasara Tree was supposed to be inside. Aramuhukunda turned into this tree to suppress Marana's Avatar. But Marana has all but eaten this tree away.
Arama: Ah. So it has shifted its spirit. We must destroy its spirit's container to do damage to its form. Come with me.
Arama: Arana, I promise I will turn your memories into the most beautiful and robust Bija.
Arama: As long as it connects us, we can support you when you are in need, lend you strength to conquer nightmares, help you through dark days, and fill the void in your heart.
Arama: Be careful. Marana's power dwells inside this machine. But with Nara (Traveler)'s power, we should be fine.
Arama: But you should know that as dark as night is, the stars still shine and the sun will still rise. Death longs to dominate all, but life will not fade.
Arama: Come, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, let's get going.
Arama: Do not stray too far away from me. I can restore your fighting energy. Lessen your burden in combat.
Arama: Each flower is connected with the heart of an Aranara. One could even say that a garland of these flowers woven together can form the door to "Mahavanaranapna."
Arama: Having absorbed the memories and energies of Aramuhukunda, the Ashvattha Tree, and the Vasoma Fruits, I have now become the strongest "seed" in the forest.
Arama: Hidden in the golden sandstorm, the eternal oasis was devoid of life. The oldest ruler of all plants, whom no Aranara had had the pleasure of meeting, lay dormant in the sand.
Arama: I can sense that all memories about Marana in Sarva have been completely erased. In this case, even the memory and fear of "death" that dwells in all things cannot bring it back ever again.
Arama: I see... I understand, Paimon. Nara (Traveler) and you are my friends. This will never change...
Arama: I was planning to build up my memories with my own eyes and body for several decades or centuries, and then embrace the land again to grow into a beautiful Vasara Tree.
Arama: I'm the seed for the new Ashvattha Tree. Having absorbed the memories and energies of Aramuhukunda, the Ashvattha Tree, and the Vasoma Fruits, I have now become the strongest "seed" in the forest.
Arama: I've received Aramuhukunda's memories. Through them, I learned how to use Sarva to travel through the forest in a flash. This particular Ararakalari is called "teleportation."
Arama: If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have had the honor to heal the forest by destroying Marana's Avatar, or become the king of the Vasara Trees by collecting all these precious memories.
Arama: If you feel unwell or tired, come close to me. I can help you restore energy and resist Marana's corruption.
Arama: If you want to take a rest, just come with me.
Arama: In the end, all that remains is beautiful. Those who part will come to meet again in Sarva.
Arama: It is alright. I am fine. It will be over soon.
Arama: It is like it was in the Ashvattha Tree's dream, and in the terrible memories. These beasts and this dark color... They and Marana are one.
Arama: It's because Marana's memory has been left in Sarva. Unless that can be completely removed, the memory of "death" that dwells in all things will eventually bring it back again.
Arama: It's because Nara (Traveler) is kind and honest, and because Nara (Traveler) is Nara (Traveler), that the garland could serve its purpose.
Arama: It's the power of the garland. We can use the flowers to transfer energy to our friends.
Arama: Just like the yellow leaves that fall down shall nourish Cuihua Trees, their fruits shall sustain Sumpter Beasts, foxes, and forest boars, while they shall feed Rishboland Tigers in turn. And so, the forest always teems with life.
Arama: Let's go. I can feel we're getting closer to Marana's Avatar.
Arama: Marana has corroded the Vasara Tree that was meant to grow atop it and has gained possession of its bodily form. If left unchecked, it'll eventually eat away at all life on this earth.
Arama: Marana should fall into slumber now that its avatar has been destroyed. But in a matter of decades, perhaps centuries, it will wake up again.
Arama: Marana's Avatar and those monsters are no match for you. There is no need to worry.
Arama: Nara (Traveler) is Aranara's friend. We won't leave our friend alone to fight Marana and eliminate all evil for a brighter and purer world.
Arama: Nara (Traveler) is very reliable. The time has come. Let's go back and continue the fight.
Arama: Nara (Traveler), Paimon. I will do all I can to help you resist Marana and regain your power. Our victory is close.
Arama: No problem. I will grow into a new Ashvattha Tree, bear the Bija using your memories and dreams, and use my roots to reconnect the corroded bridges between dreams.
Arama: Now that we have destroyed Marana's Avatar, peace should be restored in the forest. Well, I said "we," but it was mostly due to your efforts and courage. Thank you, Nara (Traveler).
Arama: Once, the land was polluted with toxic blood. Like Nara, Aranara too thought that was the end of the world, but now even the memory of it is gone. The forest is even more luxuriant than it was in the time of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata.
Arama: Once, the land was polluted with toxic blood. Like Nara, Aranara too thought that was the end of the world, but now even the memory of it is gone. The forest today is even more luxuriant than it was yesterday.
Arama: One day, our dreams and memories will intertwine and blossom on the numberless branches in Sarva. Wouldn't that be great?
Arama: Over there. Come with me. But be careful. The avatar is gathering power. Its attacks will grow more fierce.
Arama: Since it's not at its full strength yet, now would be the best time to destroy its avatar. With it defeated, we should be able to obtain the Bija.
Arama: Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. It's been a great pleasure to meet you.
Arama: That is correct. These evil monsters follow the dark power and are vanguards of corruption. They are not natural. They do not belong to the cycle of heaven or earth.
Arama: The vegetation that once covered it had all died and been reduced to grains of sand. Just as Marana whispered: All good things must vanish.
Arama: There are still many things in the world that covet life. But I believe that there will always be someone as golden as the sun, just like Nara (Traveler) and Nara Varuna, so I wouldn't worry about it.
Arama: There are those who no longer dream and thus can no longer see us, those who have accepted fate and stopped searching for the way forward, and those who wallow in fear and pain. Their hearts have hardened, unable to get help from these flowers.
Arama: This is where the last war ended. We... They crushed Marana's Avatar and imprisoned it here with the four seals.
Arama: Though I did not spend many days as a seed, the days I spent with you are ten times, no, hundreds of times more precious than the days I spent before.
Arama: Today's forest has a bright future ahead. As long as what remains of Marana is cleared, the children of the forest will be able to enjoy abundant sunshine and rain.
Arama: Well done. Its spirit has returned to its physical body. It's time to go back and attack it.
Arama: With all these memories and energies I've received, I'm now able to see many scenes and stories in Sarva. Let me tell you one.
Arama: Yes, great job. Now we should be able to destroy it once and for all. Hopefully, nothing will go wrong.
Arama: Yes, they were once Araji, Arayama, and Aramaha. The Vasoma Fruits are their memories.
Arama: Yes. Come with me, like before. Quickly!
Arama: Yes. Destroy it, Nara (Traveler).
Arama: Yes. May we never meet again, Marana. Many tiny Marana remain in the forest, but we've defeated the greatest one.
Arama: Yes. Please wait here for a moment while I fetch Arana.
Arana: ...Who are you?
Arana: And even if Arana doesn't remember, you will. As long as you remember, your memory will one day grow into a ripe and robust fruit...
Arana: Arama has grown into the new Ashvattha Tree. It's small now, but the roots are deep and strong. After many, many moons, it will surely grow to be big and beautiful.
Arana: Arama is amazing. Aramuhukunda must be so glad that you were the one receiving his memory. Arana hasn't teleported in a long, long time either.
Arana: Arana has taught you the Rhythm of the Great Dream. Do you still remember it, Nara (Traveler)?
Arana: I believe you, Arama.
(Arama jumps into the ground and a sapling grows from where he was; grass spreads from where the sapling was)
Arana: I want to help Narana. She has the same name as Arana. She is Arana's friend.
Arana: Just play this song to Arana and Arama.
Arana: Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, Arana sensed your battle against Marana's Avatar. You and Arama are very brave.
Arana: Nara (Traveler) promised to punish the bad Nara. I believe you won't lose here!
Arana: Nara (Traveler), please make it quick. The Ararakalari that Arana left with Narana won't last long.
Arana: Seeds know that they have to grow into big trees and bear lots of big fruits... Thank you, Arama.
Arana: Yes, I'll be fine.
Arana: Yes. But friends are more precious than memories. You can always make up for lost memories, but not a lost friend.
Aranaga and Aranakin: My friend, who bears important flowers on their head... hang in there!
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler), stronger than trees!
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler), the Nara golden as the sun, please bring about a warmer and brighter future!
Arapacati: Nara (Traveler) also has an important (sister/brother), so you can't lose to Marana!
Arapandu: Brave Nara... Though I cannot see the sky, I know that you are as warm as the sun...
Ararycan: Nara (Traveler) is Ararycan's friend! No one can hurt (him/her)!
Arasaka: I hope that Nara (Traveler) will always enjoy the "taste of happiness," and never taste the "taste of sadness"!
Paimon: (Traveler), you can do this! Take Marana's Avatar down!
Paimon: A Tumor of the Withering... Is the "spirit" of the Marana's Avatar here?
Paimon: Ah, so... the Vasara Trees in Ashvattha's Concourses were all once Aranara?
Paimon: Ahh! Careful, (Traveler)! Has Marana's Avatar regenerated again?
Paimon: And there Arama goes...
(Arana and Arama appear from the ground)
Paimon: And... and even when you've turned into a tree, please don't forget Paimon and (Traveler), and the adventures we had together!
Paimon: Arama...
Paimon: Arana, you once said that memories and dreams are Aranara's source of strength. If you give those memories up, you'll forget Rana, won't you? And the children of Vimara Village too...
Paimon: Arana... Right, we've gotta use Arana's memories to produce the Bija...
Paimon: But if you turn into a tree, Arama, you would lose the ability to run, talk, and sing...
Paimon: But isn't Arana around Vimara Village? How are we gonna...
Paimon: C'mon! We were almost done here!
Paimon: Eh? Paimon doesn't understand...
Paimon: Eh? This is...
Paimon: Even Paimon can feel the power pouring forth...
Paimon: Gah! We have to fight Ruin Guards now as well?!
Paimon: Looks scary... So is Marana's Avatar in there?
Paimon: Next, we need to plant a new Ashvattha Tree, right? Paimon remembers that Arama talked about some seed thingy...
Paimon: Okay...
Paimon: Okay... Alright. Paimon understands! You're the best seed, Arama! You'll definitely grow into a great and beautiful tree!
Paimon: Paimon understands, but...
Paimon: Paimon understands...
Paimon: So that's... the avatar of Marana...
Paimon: So we just need to destroy this Tumor of the Withering and we'll be fine, right? Go, get 'em, (Traveler)!
Paimon: That was a close call... Thankfully, (Traveler) was wearing that garland! It's even more amazing than Paimon thought!
Paimon: That's not fair... Paimon still has plans to hang out with you...
Paimon: The place is under the influence of the The Withering. Be careful, (Traveler).
Paimon: These monsters... They're the same as the ones in the Ashvattha Tree's dream...
Paimon: Wait. What are you guys talking about?
Paimon: We finally got it. The precious Bija...
Paimon: Well, (Traveler) is Paimon's best friend, so of course (he/she)'s the best person ever! Anyway, Paimon guesses this Withering business has been settled once and for all then, right?
Paimon: Well, (Traveler) is Paimon's best friend, so of course (he/she)'s the best person ever! Anyway, Tighnari also said there'll be no new Withering Zones! Paimon guesses this Withering business has finally been settled once and for all then, right?
Paimon: Well... Anyway, now that Marana's Avatar is destroyed, the next step is to plant a new Ashvattha Tree for the Bija, right?
Paimon: What's this...
Paimon: Whoa!
Paimon: Wow... Paimon can sense a great power...
Paimon: Yeah. Now all we need to do is to give it to Rana, right?
Paimon: You're speaking normally again, Arama...
Paimon: Yup! Will you be alright yourself, Arama?