
Arama: It is. Ararakalari originated from the song of Aranara that praised Queen Aranyani, Nara, and their own species. This song is called the "Mahamaitri Kusa Stotra," and it can stop the heralds of death.
Arama: Aramuhukunda and Arana witnessed the moment when Queen Aranyani healed the land and transformed the golden lands of death into forests full of vitality. So, their Ararakalari gained this ability.

Arama: It is. Ararakalari originated from the song of Aranara that praised the Dendro Archon, Nara, and their own species. This song is called the "Mahamaitri Kusa Stotra," and it can stop the heralds of death.
Arama: Aramuhukunda and Arana witnessed the moment when the Lord of Verdure healed the land and transformed the golden lands of death into forests filled with vitality. So, their Ararakalari gained this ability.

Arama: There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with Queen Aranyani and the ruler of Valuka. Perhaps there are more stories to be found in the eternal oasis.

Arama: There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with the Lord of Verdure and the ruler of Valuka. Perhaps there are more stories to be found in the eternal oasis.
 (Try to sense the memories within the inscription...)
 ...Is there a reason why you told us that story?
 About Aradasha...
Arama: Aradasha is very strong. In the stories, a very, very long time ago, there was once a metal beast the size of a mountain, and it could spit fire like shooting light beams.
Arama: But Aradasha bested the beast and imprisoned it with a lock of stone! He saved many Aranara!
Arama: His legend was as dazzling as the sun, and many Aranara wished for their Ararakalari to be as powerful as his!
 About the disaster...
Arama: It was very scary! Even the sky turned black. Trees swayed like a field of grass under strong winds, and they all fell to the ground. And then very, very scary monsters were everywhere.
Arama: Many of the monsters in the memories I obtained look very much like the monsters we've seen. Like the black dogs, the huge metal beasts, and the hilinara.
Arama: Marana appeared during the disaster too, and many grasslands were turned to sand. That's why we fought Marana and sealed its avatar underground.
 About the seal...
Arama: The seal was made by many Aranara. We... They wanted to imprison Marana and stop it from harming Aranara, Nara, and the earth.
Arama: Later on, Marana slowly seeped into the ground like water. But we were in the dreams already and unaware that it had turned out so terrifying...
 Anyway, Seelie annoy me...
 Anyway, don't fly too fast...
 Arama made the garland.
 But I don't want puzzles...
Paimon: Eh, really? Haven't we been able to solve so many puzzles and find so much treasure along the way because you're fond of puzzles...?
 Can't say I have any particular feelings on the subject...
 Do you know how to break the seal?
 Don't worry about me.
 How do we break the seals?
Arama: I don't know... This place has changed so much, many memories lost too. I'm sorry, Nara (Traveler).
Paimon: Well! Solving these puzzles will be a piece of cake! Right, (Traveler)?
 I'm pretty smart, I reckon.
 Paimon's very intelligent.
Paimon: Of course! Hehe.
 But I don't want puzzles...
Paimon: Eh, really? Haven't we been able to solve so many puzzles and find so much treasure along the way because you're fond of puzzles...?
 I don't like it.
 I like it.
 I wanna rest a while longer...
Arama: Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.
 I'm a little tired...
 I'm pretty smart, I reckon.
 It's all Paimon's fault.
Paimon: Paimon was just trying to eliminate The Withering here...
Arama: It's fine! Used energy will come back slowly. I've absorbed the Ashvattha Tree's memories, so I recover even faster. We destroyed Marana's evil tumor, very good, very good.
 Leave the seals to us.
 Let's go.
Paimon: Yeah! It feels like we have so much to do! Let's get moving!
 Yeah, let's go.
 Let's rest a while longer...
Arama: Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.
 Let's go.
Paimon: Yeah! Three seals... It feels like we have so much to do! Let's get moving!
 Yeah, let's go.
 Let's rest a while longer...
Arama: Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.
 Let's rest a while longer...
Arama: Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.
 No. Let's get it over with first.
Arama: Alright! Thank you, Nara (Traveler), and good luck!
 Paimon's very intelligent.
Paimon: Of course! Hehe.
 Piece of cake.
 Quest DescriptionThe Ashvattha Tree has been corroded. But from its fruit, Arama seems to have gained new knowledge, memories, and... manners of speech. According to Arama, you should eliminate Marana's Avatar next so that the new Ashvattha Tree may be born. Only then can the Bija be formed.
 See you.
Arama: Yes! This place is very good. We can rest.
 So what should we do now?
 So, where are we?
Arama: I don't know. This place doesn't exist in the memories I received. It feels like the home of Aranara, but it shouldn't be like this...
Arama: But this place is very good. No Marana, and there's water, light, and grass.
 Sorry, but we have other matters to attend to...
 Step DescriptionA Tumor of the Withering has appeared. Destroying it will be somewhat helpful.
 Step DescriptionA deep space is hidden beneath the desert. Based on its depth, it should lead close to Marana's Avatar. To arrive at the final seal, finding a way down around here seems to be essential.
 Step DescriptionAfter Arama "hit it very, very hard," the Tumor of the Withering was finally destroyed, but Arama seems to have lost some memories as a consequence. It's fine, unraveling the mystery and undoing the seal should be a piece of cake.
 Step DescriptionMarana's Avatar is sealed behind three seals deep within Old Vanarana. Three Inscriptions of Remembrance must be found to undo the first seal.
 Step DescriptionThe seal has been undone. Now, travel through the huge tree hollow and continue forward.
 Step DescriptionThere's only one more enemy to defeat. Keep pressing forward.
 Step DescriptionWith a few risky moves from Arama, we arrive at the bottom of the tunnel. The final seal should be here.
 Thank you for the flowers.
 They don't call it "The Rule of Three" for nothing...
 We can hang out!
Paimon: Yes, let's hang out later! But we've gotta break the seal here and defeat Marana's Avatar first.
 We met during Festival Utsava...
Aramuhukunda: You still remember. That gladdens me. You made a garland from my flower and the flowers of many Aranara. To me, that is a great honor.
 Thank you for the flowers.
 Arama made the garland.
 What was that?
Arama: While Nara (Traveler) was fighting just now, I could sense that the huge metal beast was very bad. It absorbs Marana's strength and grows stronger.
Arama: It would be exhausting for Nara (Traveler) if the battle went on. Then I remembered! In my memories, Aradasha used this Ararakalari to trap and destroy many huge metal beasts.
Arama: So, I tried his Ararakalari, and I hit it very, very hard.
 Whoa!
Paimon: ...Aren't you that mysterious Aranara we met during Festival Utsava? That Aranara who speaks unlike any other Aranara?
Aramuhukunda: You still remember. That gladdens me. Nara (Traveler) made a garland from my flower and the flowers of many Aranara. To me, that is a great honor.
 Thank you for the flowers.
 Arama made the garland.
 Yeah, let's go.
"May the new dreams never experience Marana's corruption, and may the old stories be forgotten alongside it.""May the green fields and mountains never wither. May the streams stay clear and the flowers remain in bloom.""Friends will stroll through the forest again. That which is good will return, and the painful memories will vanish. Just like a stream purifying itself or a withered tree sprouting once more."
???: Hello, Arama, Nara (Traveler), and Paimon.
Arama: ...I understand. Nara (Traveler), Paimon, please go on ahead! I'll be right behind you!
Arama: ...Thank you, Aramaha, Araji, and Arayama, thank you for guarding the seal. Marana eventually managed to escape to the outside world, but it's not your fault.
Arama: A Seelie? In the ancient stories, Seelies were a great race with wisdom and beauty beyond the pale of this earth. They traveled with Nara and taught Nara languages and the philosophy of nature.
Arama: According to the memories, this might cause a bit of shaking. Be careful, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
(After a while, Arama uses an Ararakalari; the Traveler falls into a body of water)
Arama: Alright! I'll rest well!
Arama: Alright! Thank you, Nara (Traveler), and good luck!
Arama: Alright.
Arama: Alright. Let's go.
Arama: Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.
Arama: Anyway, Marana is very dangerous. Nara (Traveler), Paimon, I recommend we match each other's pace. Let me know when you're ready to set out.
(If the Through the Mists questline was completed)
Paimon: Three seals, and we must find three Inscriptions of Remembrance just for the first seal... This is so troublesome. Why does everything have to be done three times?
 They don't call it "The Rule of Three" for nothing...
Paimon: Yeah... If Ruu were here, Paimon's sure he and Arama would become friends real quick...
Arama: Ruu?
Paimon: Yes, he's a friend of ours.
Arama: I see. I too wish to meet Nara (Traveler) and Paimon's friend. A Nara who's friends with both of you is for sure a great Nara.
Arama: But it's alright. The past and the future meet in Sarva. A day will come when I'll have the honor of meeting this Ruu and becoming friends with him.
Arama: By the way, there are actually four seals imprisoning Marana. The first seal is the Door of Vana, which is right behind us.
Arama: Anyway, this was our first homeland. Aranara used to live here before the disaster, and many Nara had visited us.
Arama: Aradasha is very strong. In the stories, a very, very long time ago, there was once a metal beast the size of a mountain, and it could spit fire like shooting light beams.
Arama: Aramuhukunda and Arana witnessed the moment when Queen Aranyani healed the land and transformed the golden lands of death into forests full of vitality. So, their Ararakalari gained this ability.
Arama: Aramuhukunda and Arana witnessed the moment when the Lord of Verdure healed the land and transformed the golden lands of death into forests filled with vitality. So, their Ararakalari gained this ability.
Arama: Aramuhukunda! I've heard so many stories about you, and I played with you in the memories of Arayama and the others!
Arama: Aranakin hates sand. If only he could see this!
Arama: Are those huge iron monsters really "alive"? They are moving for sure, but I sense no life in them...
Arama: Bad sand. Rough and coarse. Ugh, green grass won't grow from it.
Arama: But Aradasha bested the beast and imprisoned it with a lock of stone! He saved many Aranara!
Arama: But I don't have enough memories. I don't know how to undo this seal...
Arama: But I wouldn't have been able to meet Nara (Traveler) and Paimon if they came from a different age!
Arama: But it's alright. The past and the future meet in Sarva. A day will come when I'll have the honor of meeting this Ruu and becoming friends with him.
Arama: But more sand should have vanished to make more space and let us go deeper. Bad sand.
Arama: But this place is very good. No Marana, and there's water, light, and grass.
Arama: By the way, there are actually four seals imprisoning Marana. The first seal is the Door of Vana, which is right behind us.
Arama: Don't worry, I've gained the memories and power of the inscription. Thank you.
Arama: From sunrise to sunset, I gained centuries worth of memories, and that's why Paimon thinks I've changed a lot. But there's no need to worry.
Arama: Go forward along this path and we'll arrive at the seal.
Arama: His legend was as dazzling as the sun, and many Aranara wished for their Ararakalari to be as powerful as his!
Arama: I can sense that it's still in Nara (Traveler)'s possession. It's something even more precious than Ararakalari.
Arama: I don't know. This place doesn't exist in the memories I received. It feels like the home of Aranara, but it shouldn't be like this...
Arama: I don't know... This place has changed so much, many memories lost too. I'm sorry, Nara (Traveler).
Arama: I recovered some strength while resting, so I remember now! This used to be Aramuhukunda's home!
(??? suddenly appears)
Arama: I see. But this place is very calm, very good.
Arama: I see. I too wish to meet Nara (Traveler) and Paimon's friend. A Nara who's friends with both of you is for sure a great Nara.
Arama: I see. Let me give it a try...
(Arama destroys the tumor)
Arama: I'll live up to your legacy. Aramuhukunda'a name has filled us with courage since many, many moons ago, and that will not change for many, many moons to come.
Arama: I'm fine! Being with Nara (Traveler) and Paimon is a very happy thing. I won't forget!
Arama: I've found one. There's an Inscription of Remembrance over there. Please retrieve it.
Arama: If only Nara (Traveler) was here very, very long ago. Then you could have fought the huge metal beasts with Aramuhukunda, Aradasha, and the others!
Arama: Is that so? Sorry. But based on how you float, you shouldn't be exhausting any stamina.
Arama: Is that so? Well, luckily Nara (Traveler) and Paimon "rested" before coming. We'll definitely defeat Marana's Avatar now!
Arama: It is not just a collection of memories and dreams, but it's a part of Aranara's life. I hope you cherish it.
Arama: It is. Ararakalari originated from the song of Aranara that praised Queen Aranyani, Nara, and their own species. This song is called the "Mahamaitri Kusa Stotra," and it can stop the heralds of death.
Arama: It is. Ararakalari originated from the song of Aranara that praised the Dendro Archon, Nara, and their own species. This song is called the "Mahamaitri Kusa Stotra," and it can stop the heralds of death.
Arama: It really has been fully corroded by Marana. I have the the power to resist Marana now, but don't stray too far from my side.
Arama: It was very scary! Even the sky turned black. Trees swayed like a field of grass under strong winds, and they all fell to the ground. And then very, very scary monsters were everywhere.
Arama: It would be exhausting for Nara (Traveler) if the battle went on. Then I remembered! In my memories, Aradasha used this Ararakalari to trap and destroy many huge metal beasts.
Arama: It's fine! Used energy will come back slowly. I've absorbed the Ashvattha Tree's memories, so I recover even faster. We destroyed Marana's evil tumor, very good, very good.
Arama: Later on, Marana slowly seeped into the ground like water. But we were in the dreams already and unaware that it had turned out so terrifying...
Arama: Let's go in together. Marana's corrosion exists in the air here too, so don't stray too far from my side.
Arama: Little Nara grow, learn a lot, possess many memories, and change. Even if the change is slow, when you do look back, you will find that it is like the transformation from a seed to a tree.
Arama: Many of the monsters in the memories I obtained look very much like the monsters we've seen. Like the black dogs, the huge metal beasts, and the hilinara.
Arama: Many, many suns must pass, then many, many moons must pass. When seed turns to tree, when stream turns to river, only then will an Aranara possess such strength.
Arama: Marana appeared during the disaster too, and many grasslands were turned to sand. That's why we fought Marana and sealed its avatar underground.
Arama: Marana's Avatar is very, very deep underground. Break this seal, then break the next seal, and we can face it and defeat it.
Arama: May the new dreams never experience Marana's corrosion, and may the old stories be forgotten alongside it.
Arama: May we never meet again, evil tumor.
Arama: Nara (Traveler)! Paimon! Are you alright?
Arama: Nara (Traveler)! Paimon! I'm glad you're alright!
Arama: Nara (Traveler), Paimon, I recommend we match each other's pace. Let me know when you're ready to set out.
Arama: Nara (Traveler), would you like to rest?
Arama: No, it has to be hit very, very hard, specifically. Most Aranara aren't that strong.
Arama: No, it wasn't. Paimon needed help, so I hit the Marana very, very hard. I'm very pleased to say that I eliminated that evil tumor.
Arama: Now, I shall undo the seal which has existed for hundreds and thousands of moons...
Arama: Oh! I've built up some strength! I'm fine! I can sense that the seal is broken. Now, leave the rest to me.
Arama: Oh! It's Arayama's flower. In the past, many Aranara fought Marana here, and together they sealed this place.
Arama: Oh, I got it! There something else we can do...
(Arama restrains the Ruin Grader with a seal)
Arama: Oh, right! Nara "rest" so that they can build up their strength and defeat Marana! Nara are amazing!
Arama: Okay!
Arama: Once we defeat Marana's Avatar, I'll plant a new Ashvattha Tree, and then it'll produce the Bija for us.
Arama: Ruu?
Arama: See sand vanish!
(The sand sinks into a space beneath it, revealing some ruin machines)
Arama: Seelies are just empty husks that race left behind. This is because they were born with a curse: If they fall in love with Nara, they shall lose their intelligence and strength, and their bodies will regress.
Arama: So, I tried his Ararakalari, and I hit it very, very hard.
Arama: That looks like Aradasha's stone lock...
Arama: The earth is made of soil, stone, sand, and tree roots. So if sand is removed, a very, very large space will appear. Aranara, Nara, and animals can move within it.
Arama: The final Inscription of Remembrance should be over there.
Arama: The grass will sprout from the ground again, and the withered trees will grow new leaves. If you have to know why, it's because life will always overcome death.
Arama: The huge metal beast has gained its strength back? Is it because it has had some "rest"?
Arama: The seal is nearby. Many different Ararakalari here keep Marana's Avatar in. So, it sent the evil tumor to damage the seal.
Arama: The seal was made by many Aranara. We... They wanted to imprison Marana and stop it from harming Aranara, Nara, and the earth.
Arama: There are some tiny lights around us that can resist Marana's corrosion and protect Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. You can rest if you want.
Arama: There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with Queen Aranyani and the ruler of Valuka. Perhaps there are more stories to be found in the eternal oasis.
Arama: There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with the Lord of Verdure and the ruler of Valuka. Perhaps there are more stories to be found in the eternal oasis.
Arama: There's a very, very huge Valuka outside the forest, and there are Nara in it. Nara must be suffering.
Arama: There's an Inscription of Remembrance over there too.
Arama: There's so much sand here. I think it used to be stone and soil. But Marana took away the life and moisture in the soil, turning it into sand.
Arama: This should be the final seal. Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, for coming here with me. Marana's Avatar should be close by now.
Arama: Three Inscriptions of Remembrance are needed to undo the first seal. While the landscape here is a little different from the memories I received, I have a rough idea where they are.
Arama: True, that would fill the world with little balls and rings of green, and both Nara and Fungi won't have to fear Marana anymore. That would be very good, and very green.
Arama: Tumors are starting to appear because we're getting close to Marana's Avatar. Removing them can ease the situation for us, but the area around them is also the most dangerous.
Arama: Used too much strength just now. So, many words, many memories, gone with the wind.
Arama: We can now undo the seal. In the memories of the past, the seal was beneath a large tree. But all that remains after the disaster is probably just an empty shell.
Arama: We have all three inscriptions now. Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Arama: We will defeat Marana's Avatar. With your memories, I hear everyone call out to you, and it fills me with more than just courage, with pride as well.
Arama: What's wrong?
Arama: While Nara (Traveler) was fighting just now, I could sense that the huge metal beast was very bad. It absorbs Marana's strength and grows stronger.
Arama: Yeah! We can do it, Nara (Traveler), Paimon! I will stay and build up some strength. I need strength to face Marana's Avatar.
Arama: Yeah! We've gotta break the last seal and defeat it as soon as possible! Only then can a new Ashvattha Tree grow to produce the Bija.
Arama: Yeah, I didn't expect it to be like this either. In the memories I received, this place is mostly remembered as a green and lush forest.
Arama: Yeah, I understand...
Arama: Yeah, the second seal is up next. Let's go.
Arama: Yes!
Arama: Yes! This place is very good. We can rest.
Arama: Yes, I trust both of you. Tell me whenever you need my help.
Arama: Yes, and you've been to the second Vanarana. Meanwhile, Marana's Avatar is imprisoned by three seals deep within this place.
Arama: Yes, but once Marana is gone, in time, this place will be filled with life again.
Arama: Yes, it's all thanks to you that I've been able to witness Old Vanarana, and lay eyes on our original home. Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Arama: Yes, of course.
Arama: Yes, the Song of Life is a very nice name. Let's call it that. Paimon is very good at naming things.
Arama: Yes, this was his home. He planted many Viparyas here. His memory of this place is of a time when the Viparyas were in full bloom, but they're all gone now.
Arama: Yes. So you see... at their prime, the Seelies were probably faster than a storm. Plus, isn't Paimon tired? We can rest while I tell stories about Sarva.
Arama: Yes. The monsters here and the monsters in the Ashvattha Tree's dream, I've seen them in the memories too — the black dogs and huge metal beasts.
Arama: Yes... But during the battle here, many memories vanished, like fruits falling to the ground or clouds blown away by the wind...
Arama: You're Aramuhukunda...
Aramuhukunda: ...I'm glad that you understand. Arama, help your friends, and let the new Ashvattha Tree become the anchor of Aranara's dreams once more.
Aramuhukunda: ...You're not very fond of talking, quite unlike Nara Varuna. (She/He) kept talking about (her brother/his sister). (She/He) was a terrible example for Arapacati and the others.
Aramuhukunda: And I am the final seal. I am the one who's keeping an eye on Marana's Avatar, and yet its strength still seeps through the sand like water, creeping through Sarva.
Aramuhukunda: Do not worry. Rather, it is I who should say thank you. Nara (Traveler), Paimon, I have a question for you before you go...
Aramuhukunda: Go through that cave and you'll arrive at the place where we defeated and sealed Marana hundreds of years ago. It hasn't fully recovered yet, but there's no time to lose.
Aramuhukunda: I believe in you. Like the clouds know they have to release rain, the rain knows that it must fall onto the ground. Meeting all of you made me realize... that the time has finally come. I'm very happy.
Aramuhukunda: I see. They won't be sad about it, and you have no reason to either. There's no end to the precious memories you can create and the strength you can gain while you're with your friends.
Aramuhukunda: I will undo this last seal and open the path for you. I'm certain that you can defeat it and put an end to this final enemy.
(Several vines shrivel away)
Aramuhukunda: I've been busy preparing an environment comfortable for Nara, just for your visit. But I've not traveled alongside Nara for far too long, so I do not trust my own judgment.
Aramuhukunda: If I have time, and with your help, I can definitely do better. But based on the current circumstances, I'm afraid time is of the essence for you and the Nara friend you want to help.
Aramuhukunda: Indeed. So this is fine. It was a little short, but I'm still very happy to have had a conversation with you. Thank you.
Aramuhukunda: My only regret is meeting you in an age like this one.
Aramuhukunda: Nara (Traveler), Paimon, do you like this place?
Aramuhukunda: Nara (Traveler), Paimon, go on ahead. I have something to give to Arama.
Aramuhukunda: Nara (Traveler), Paimon, you've come. Intentional or not, it fills me with great pride. I've always wanted to hang out with Nara friends here.
Aramuhukunda: Now, I can finally return to Sarva and meet Nara Varuna again.
Aramuhukunda: Or I should say that, had we met in another age, I could have introduced Nara Varuna to you. How wonderful that might have been.
Aramuhukunda: Then you've inherited their memories, I see. As a past friend of theirs, this fills me with pride.
Aramuhukunda: Very good, Arama. It's just as I heard in Sarva... You're a brave Aranara.
Aramuhukunda: Worry not, I know why you're here. The Ashvattha Tree told me many things, before it used what strength it had left to give Arama the fruit of dreams.
Aramuhukunda: You still remember. That gladdens me. Nara (Traveler) made a garland from my flower and the flowers of many Aranara. To me, that is a great honor.
Aramuhukunda: You still remember. That gladdens me. You made a garland from my flower and the flowers of many Aranara. To me, that is a great honor.
Aranara House: (If Aranara don't need to rest, why do they need houses?)
Aranara House: (This seems to be the home of some Aranara, and looks just like those houses in Vanarana. But its "owner" is nowhere to be found.)
Baggage and Books: (It looks like something you'd see in an adventurer's camp. But the books are full of crooked drawings, mostly of Aranara doing something.)
Baggage and Books: (Speaking of which, why are adventurers so fond of bringing a stack of books with them when they go camping? Never mind the fact that their tents are open in all directions and block neither wind nor rain... Why must they bring a stack of books?)
Chair: (...But both its size and workmanship clearly indicate that it's meant for humans, and not for Aranara.)
Chair: (This looks like a very ordinary chair.)
Inscription of Remembrance: "Friends will stroll through the forest again. That which is good will return, and the painful memories will vanish. Just like a stream purifying itself or a withered tree sprouting once more."
Inscription of Remembrance: "May the green fields and mountains never wither.""May the streams stay clear and the flowers remain in bloom."
Inscription of Remembrance: "May the new dreams never experience Marana's corrosion.""And may the old stories be forgotten alongside it."
Inscription of Remembrance: ...
Inscription of Remembrance: ...Ah, so you too are a child of the forest. Since you're reading my Inscription of Remembrance, Marana is gone, right? Or perhaps you're here to put an end to it?
Inscription of Remembrance: ...This is my inscription. Goodbye.
Inscription of Remembrance: Araji really wants to see Vanarana filled with many, many flowers again, and birds on green trees while Nara sing with us under the trees.
Inscription of Remembrance: Marana really is terrifying, but thinking about scenes like that makes it less scary. Arayama said that Araji is very brave, and that Araji should think about happy things when afraid.
Inscription of Remembrance: Oh, there's no rush to tell me anything. For I hear no more and see no more. But fret not, for we shall meet in Sarva.
Inscription of Remembrance: So Araji decided on the inscription's content, with the hopes that it will bring courage to you who have come to Vanarana that is beautiful no more...
Inscription of Remembrance: There are many stories I wish to hear. Is Araja's dream beautiful? Are Arana and Aramani doing well? I'm sure the new songs born into this world are absolutely beautiful!
Inscription of Remembrance: We will be victorious. The living will overcome the dead, and we'll meet again one day in Sarva.
Inscription of Remembrance: When the time comes, you can take your time to tell me the stories of the earth! This inscription is the work of Araji, Arayama, and myself — our pride and joy. It's yours now...
Mural: (...The scene looks somewhat familiar.)
Mural: (A mural of many Aranara with their fronts — or backs — facing something strange. There's a golden Aranara with them.)
Mural: (A mural of many Aranara with their fronts — or backs — facing something strange. There's a golden Aranara with them...)
Mural: (A mural of some Aranara forming a circle.)
Mural: (A mural of three Aranara and a golden Aranara. They seem to be entering a huge whirlpool.)
Mural: (A slightly crude mural of Aranara with a golden Aranara among them. They seem to be happily celebrating something.)
Mural: (Four Aranara, one golden Aranara, and a column... Or is that a tree trunk? It's hard to tell since the drawing is rather vague.)
Mural: (No, there seems to be a change in the mural. There are two golden Aranara now.)
Paimon: *huff*... *huff*... You're flying too fast, Arama!
Paimon: ...Aren't you that mysterious Aranara we met during Festival Utsava? That Aranara who speaks unlike any other Aranara?
Paimon: ...Paimon doesn't think that's the problem here! Anyway, like Arama said, "striking really really hard" should take them down.
Paimon: Ah, the inscription is gone...
Paimon: Alright! (Traveler), Arama, the seal's gone! Thanks, Aramuhukunda!
Paimon: Alright, be quick, or we'll defeat Marana's Avatar on our own!
Paimon: Alright, leave it to us!
Paimon: Also, Paimon's still really curious... Why have you change so much, Arama?
Paimon: And this... This is the flower that sealed Ashvattha's Concourse...
Paimon: Arama was really impressive when he took down that Tumor of the Withering with just one punch! He did the same to a Ruin Grader too! He really helped a lot!
Paimon: Arama! We're back! How are you feeling?
Paimon: Arama, you rest and build up your strength! You'll need it if you plan to fight Marana's Avatar!
Paimon: Aramaha... That's the Aranara who was mentioned while we were helping Arasudraka search for that song, right?
Paimon: Aranara are truly amazing! Y'know, Aranakin and the others gave us a strange seed while we were adventuring together. Is that a type of Ararakalari too?
Paimon: Before the disaster... Are you saying that...
Paimon: But Vanarana has withered...
Paimon: Don't worry, it's not a big place. Paimon's certain we'll find something if we look around!
Paimon: Eh, really? Haven't we been able to solve so many puzzles and find so much treasure along the way because you're fond of puzzles...?
Paimon: Eh? How can this be?
Paimon: Hee-hee! Of course! Everyone loves the nicknames Paimon gives them!
Paimon: Hmm... It's really nice and relaxing. There isn't anything to eat, but Paimon thinks it's pretty nice! What do you think, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hmm... You know, you're probably the greenest thing here right now, Arama!
Paimon: Hmmm...
Paimon: Huh...
Paimon: Huh? Paimon thought that they were just large but annoying fireflies that lead us around by the nose...
Paimon: If hitting a Tumor of the Withering very, very hard can destroy it, the Aranara should be able to deal with The Withering once and for all, right?
Paimon: Is this the seal? What a huge tree hollow...
Paimon: It almost sounds a little too healthy...
Paimon: It came back again! There's no end to this!
Paimon: It looks like the house of some Aranara... But it's so desolate, and there are monsters here...
Paimon: It's here! Another Tumor of the Withering! Take it down, (Traveler)!
Paimon: It's huge and filled with plants, but it's really desolate...
Paimon: Let's look for a way to go further down!
Paimon: Let's not dwell on the little details! Get ready to fight, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Looks like we'll have to squeeze in through here...
Paimon: Mahama... What? That's so complicated! Can't you just call it the "Song of the Marana's Defeat" or the "Song of Life," or something like that?
Paimon: Now where are those branches...
Paimon: Of course! Hehe.
Paimon: Oh... Paimon remembers someone saying that memories are Aranara's bank of strength...
Paimon: Paimon can't find any leads... Maybe we should discuss this with Arama...
Paimon: Paimon can't help but feel a bit disappointed...
Paimon: Paimon didn't expect to see a space like this here... Paimon doesn't sense The Withering either...
Paimon: Paimon gets it now. But y'know, you're speaking normally again, Arama...
Paimon: Paimon must be fully focused to fly, so it is exhausting! Arama, just fly at the speed of a Seelie, alright?
Paimon: Paimon never thought that there'd be such a deep space beneath the sands...
Paimon: Paimon noticed... But (Traveler) will be fine! We've dealt with The Withering along the way a lot, after all!
Paimon: Paimon saw many ruin machines while descending... So a fierce battle really did occur here...
Paimon: Paimon was just trying to eliminate The Withering here...
Paimon: Rest is meant to build up strength, yeah, but not everyone has to fight Marana...
Paimon: See what?
Paimon: So Arama's "ring" was... like a "shield" to begin with?
Paimon: That "shield" looks just like Arana's, and it can resist The Withering, too! Is it a similar Ararakalari?
Paimon: That's so convenient! If only people could gain knowledge like that... Huh, why does that sound somewhat familiar to Paimon?
Paimon: The Withering is really terrifying! Paimon doesn't know what we would do without Arama's power! If only everyone from Sumeru had this ability! No one would have to worry about The Withering that way!
Paimon: The path is open. Let's go!
Paimon: The seal's been lifted! Is the path forward... downward?
Paimon: Then let's finish this! We'll help Rana and complete Arana's request.
Paimon: There aren't any clues...
Paimon: This should be enough, right? Let's see what Arama thinks!
Paimon: Those small branches must be removed first before we can get to the Tumor of the Withering...
Paimon: Three seals, and we must find three Inscriptions of Remembrance just for the first seal... This is so troublesome. Why does everything have to be done three times?
Paimon: Ugh! That was scary! The water down here saved Paimon's life!
Paimon: Ugh, that's too fast... Arama! Wait!
Paimon: Ugh, this isn't going to work... Arama! Please help!
Paimon: Ugh... We have to hurry up and destroy the Tumor of the Withering! Paimon doesn't feel so good... (Traveler), are you alright?
Paimon: We can undo the seal once we get this last inscription then!
Paimon: We're surrounded by desolation again...
Paimon: Well! Solving these puzzles will be a piece of cake! Right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Whatever the case, let's do our best for a little while longer. We'll eliminate Marana's Avatar and get the Bija!
Paimon: Whoa! This place is so deep...
Paimon: Whoa! Where did you come from...
Paimon: Whoa! Why are these ruin machines still alive?
Paimon: Wh—What was that? Was that Ararakalari? It just...
Paimon: Yeah! It feels like we have so much to do! Let's get moving!
Paimon: Yeah! Paimon's fine! But (Traveler) always has it rough! Are you alright?
Paimon: Yeah! Three seals... It feels like we have so much to do! Let's get moving!
Paimon: Yeah. But it must be really difficult for you to keep the ring up and fend off The Withering, Arama...
Paimon: Yeah... If Ruu were here, Paimon's sure he and Arama would become friends real quick...
Paimon: Yes, he's a friend of ours.
Paimon: Yes, let's hang out later! But we've gotta break the seal here and defeat Marana's Avatar first.
Paimon: You even know how to be evasive now, Arama. You've really changed...
Pool: (Cool and clean water. It's impossible to tell where the water came from.)
Vine Thicket: (Vines that have completely sealed the path off. There doesn't seem to be a way through.)