
Garcia: Oh my! These insignias certainly are of high quality!

Garcia: Thank you very much, Traveler. These should suffice.
 Eh, I'll help you find some.
 So this is where I come in, yes?
 What do you want the insignias for?
Garcia: (I need to speed up my research...)
Garcia: After relentless research...
Garcia: But those merchants may as well have been Treasure Hoarders, the way they were robbing me!
Garcia: However, I encountered another problem soon after that. While reproducing some of the parts, I found that... their excessively hard material will damage the other parts.
Garcia: I assume you have obtained the insignias, yes?
Garcia: I should carve your name on the main bearing of my Numbering Machine! I can't express my gratitude enough!
Garcia: I thought that I could find the material I sought in the insignias that the Treasure Hoarders carry around with them.
Garcia: I will have to reproduce the gear first... Um, no, I should tackle the problem with the bearings first...
Garcia: Moreover, these excessively hard parts would crack, to different extents, upon even the slightest impact...
Garcia: Oh my! These insignias certainly are of high quality!
Garcia: Still, give me a second, let me think...
Garcia: Thank you very much, Traveler. These should suffice.
Garcia: Thanks to your help last time, I have basically produced an acceptable lubricant.
Garcia: They were more like bandits than merchants! How could they ask for such a high price for just a couple of insignias?
Garcia: Thus, I began searching for a material that is both hard and flexible.
Garcia: Traveler! Your timing is always most opportune...
Garcia: Why, your talent in accounting and business is most astounding, my dear Lutong...
Lutong: (Why does Mr. Garcia look like he's in a hurry...?)
Lutong: ...And after relentlessly hassling Mr. Ahangar.
Lutong: Besides, the stage crew... You know, they earn quite some Mora, but they have no idea how to keep track of it.
Lutong: Given the current circumstances, we are probably in for some long-term cooperation.
Lutong: Here's your payment, Traveler.
Lutong: I have heard that there is a theater in Sumeru City and that they are looking for someone to do some calculations for them.
Lutong: I sense opportunity here, sir.
Lutong: I submit that we must earn some Mora, sir.
Lutong: Perhaps they noticed how your eyes lit up when you saw their goods.
Lutong: Sir, I most sincerely suggest that we find a way to pay.
Lutong: Ugh, Mr. Garcia's accounts... Sorting them out really is a headache...