 How are the modifications to his machine going?
 I do have the time, but...
 I hope you will succeed this time.
 Quest DescriptionLooks like Garcia and Ahangar are arguing about something...
 What are you arguing about?
 What are you doing here?
Ahangar swings his hammer so fiercely that Garcia has to back away from him...
Ahangar: (What a nuisance... This deal takes much longer than any other orders...)
Ahangar: But he doesn't think that's enough, he wants even more gears.
Ahangar: I'm already using up all my Iron Chunks to forge these... things for him!
Ahangar: Now that we have the Iron Chunks, I'm going back to work. You, back off!
Ahangar: Okay! Okay! I'll just forge the gears for you! Just... stop talking!
Ahangar: This man asked me to forge lots of iron tubes and gears, with different requirements for each and every one of them.
Ahangar: Too small last time, and too big now! You're going to use up all my Iron Chunks!
Ahangar: What do you want all those gears and tubes for? Are you building an iron house or something?
Garcia: (I need to get this problem solved! But... no, never mind... no buts...)
Garcia: A sketch might help you understand. Do you happen to have some paper on you? No? Never mind, I'll draw on my clothes. That should make things clearer...
Garcia: But I haven't finished my explanation...
Garcia: I have named the area containing some of the gears the "Storage," while the bearings and the rest of the gears make up the "Numberbase."
Garcia: Pass me the coal, will you? Many thanks, please look at this...
Garcia: Please allow me to explain my work again, I'm sure you will understand...
Garcia: The gears in Storage are used for recording and storing numbers, and those in Numberbase for calculation.
Garcia: This bearing is too large. It wouldn't fit...
Garcia: True enough, sir! A house it is, a house filled with gears — that is what I am building.
Lutong: (Uh, regardless, there'll always be a way...)
Lutong: About that... We have encountered some challenges, which were expected. Mr. Garcia is still pondering a solution.
Lutong: But before that, please bring some Iron Chunks back here.
Lutong: But if you ask me, the machine that Mr. Garcia envisions requires more than just one "genius."
Lutong: Did you bring the Iron Chunks?
Lutong: I am... cautiously pessimistic about this.
Lutong: I fear that no one really understands the exact mechanisms behind the machine, save him.
Lutong: If this should interest you at some point in the future, feel free to ask Mr. Garcia for more information.
Lutong: In fact, we are also about to use up all our Mora.
Lutong: Just let Mr. Garcia explain all this to Mr. Ahangar.
Lutong: Let's leave Mr. Ahangar to his work. Here's your payment.
Lutong: Mr. Garcia is a genius with machines. That much is beyond doubt.
Lutong: That means so much. Thank you, Traveler.
Lutong: Traveler, I... Well, Mr. Garcia needs a favor. Will you collect some Iron Chunks for us?