 Are you still... cautiously pessimistic?
 Hammer it around the edges and work your way into the middle.
 Hammer it in the middle and work your way out to the edges.
 Hammer it in the middle real hard.
 Have a good rest here, Mr. Garcia.
Garcia: Thank you for being willing to help. Ugh... My hands...
 He's making a weird machine.
 He's making a wondrous machine.
 I'm here to ask some questions on Mr. Garcia behalf.
 Mr. Garcia's hands went numb from all that forging, and he needs rest.
 Quest DescriptionGarcia seems to be sweating over something at the blacksmith…
 What are you doing now...
 When sending the parts into the furnace again, don't add more fuel.
 When sending the parts into the furnace again, remember to add less fuel.
 When sending the parts into the furnace again, remember to add more fuel.
 Who is Kaia?
Garcia: A business partner! A... Um... very talented and... rich business partner!
Garcia: We have signed a long-term accounting contract with her! And that is why I've been meeting her often, as I'm certain Lutong can attest to.
Lutong: That is perfectly right, sir.
Garcia: S—So that's how things stand... Traveler, do help us find Mr. Ahangar as soon as possible. I shall be waiting here.
Ahangar: *sigh* I've no idea what this guy has in mind...
Ahangar: Did you get all that? Alright, go back and tell him if you did.
Ahangar: Eh, it's probably something strange, whatever it is. You're here to ask about forging skills, right? To be honest, I have nothing much to teach regarding gear forging...
Ahangar: First, remember to add enough fuels to really heat up the fire when putting it into the furnace for the second time.
Ahangar: He even brings a ruler to measure the seam between iron tubes, and the distance between threads.
Ahangar: I have noticed something about the gears he wants, though. They all have sharp edges but are concave in the middle...
Ahangar: I just can't put up with him, so I told him to do it himself... And you know what? He actually came the next day and asked me to teach him some forging skills.
Ahangar: I told you! Just wait a sec... Huh. It's you.
Ahangar: I've been a blacksmith for a great many years. This is the first time I've encountered someone with such strict requirements.
Ahangar: I've taught him about the techniques in detail. You just need to tell him...
Ahangar: Molds are not enough for such specially-shaped gears, so he has to reshape the gears afterward.
Ahangar: Really, there's nothing I can do about him, so I let him be. As long as he pays for the materials, I'll let him use whatever tools he wants.
Ahangar: So he actually went and did that himself... What a weirdo.
Ahangar: Then, when you take it out to process it, hammer it from the inside out.
Ahangar: What a weirdo...
Garcia begins his work...
Garcia: ...
Garcia: A business partner! A... Um... very talented and... rich business partner!
Garcia: Aha! Success! This gear looks mighty fine, if I should say so myself!
Garcia: Alright, this gear has been heated up... What next?
Garcia: Fortunately, I have acquired relevant experience in Fontaine... But some of the techniques Mr. Ahangar spoke of were just so hard to remember. Ouch...
Garcia: It's okay, we'll start over... Traveler, what should I take into consideration?
(Return to "Tell me then, how should I process this gear?")
Garcia: Lutong! This gear is ready for demolding! Come help me!
Garcia: Moreover, the parts he makes are often ever so slightly different from those that I picture in my mind.
Garcia: My hands... Ugh! They're both numb...
Garcia: No! I will do that myself. I am just... I just need to... forge a couple more gears...
Garcia: Not right now, Lutong! I—I am well aware!
Garcia: Oh, it's you, Traveler... Ouch... My hands...
Garcia: Okay, I give up, I just can't continue anymore...
Garcia: So, to ensure the reliability of these parts, I asked Mr. Ahangar to teach me some forging skills and decided to forge the parts on my own.
Garcia: S—So that's how things stand... Traveler, do help us find Mr. Ahangar as soon as possible. I shall be waiting here.
Garcia: Tell me then, how should I process this gear?
Garcia: Thank you for being willing to help. Ugh... My hands...
Garcia: The spacing between its teeth... Thickness... Size... Ah, I must fetch a ruler...
Garcia: Traveler, could you please ask Mr. Ahangar about his forging techniques? I really need some rest...
Garcia: Traveler, you're back. So, Mr. Ahangar has taught you his tricks, I trust?
Garcia: Um... The gear doesn't quite... look right.
Garcia: We have signed a long-term accounting contract with her! And that is why I've been meeting her often, as I'm certain Lutong can attest to.
Garcia: Well, here's the situation. Mr. Ahangar is also otherwise engaged, and so it is not possible to constantly commission him to make the parts I need...
Lutong: Hopefully, Mr. Garcia's talents will lead us to the right path...
Lutong: It's best that we leave Mr. Garcia to his measurements. Traveler, here is your payment. Please take it.
Lutong: Mr. Garcia and I have been wandering in front of a giant mountain for some time now, and we have only just removed a tiny stone from the foot of this mountain.
Lutong: Of course, if you can't make it, I will stand in for you.
Lutong: Or I will have to tell myself that "when your path is blocked by a mountain, there will be a way through."
Lutong: Sir, you still need to do accounts for Ms. Kaia later. Please don't exhaust yourself.
Lutong: That is perfectly right, sir.
Lutong: We have, in truth, not yet found a way up.
Lutong: Yes, that's how I have always been.