 Better luck next time.
Aranishat: Yeah! I won't lose next time!
 I don't think that's how this works...
Aralila: Are you afraid of losing? There's no need to care about winning or losing when playing games!
 Let's play!
Aralila: Hehe, I'll beat Aranishat this time!
 Maybe later.
Aranishat: Good Nara, do not forget! I will have a decisive battle against Aralila!
 Quest DescriptionAt Festival Utsava, Aralila and Aranishat seem to be fighting over something...
Aralila: Aralila hides first, then Nara friend comes to search. After that, Aranishat will hide, and Nara friend will search. The one who gets found first loses.
Aralila: Aralila is ready! Come find me, Golden Nara!
Aralila: Aranishat was also found quickly. As weak as Aralila!
Aralila: Are you afraid of losing? There's no need to care about winning or losing when playing games!
Aralila: But what's curry?
Aralila: Do you want to play, Nara Friend? Let's start right away if you're ready!
Aralila: Even though I lost, I had fun. Golden Nara is a good Nara after all.
Aralila: Fine, let's not bother about the sun and moon. Nara friend is here, so let's play with Nara friend. Let's compete to see who is stronger.
Aralila: Golden Nara is indeed impressive to see through it so quickly... Hmm...
Aralila: Hehe, I'll beat Aranishat this time!
Aralila: Nara friend, come play with Aralila! Aranishat is very weak. Don't play with him.
Aralila: Thank you, good Nara! You are a good friend!
Aralila: This is bad! Must train Ararakalari. With very strong Ararakalari, Nara friend won't be able to find me!
Aranishat: Aralila, Nara have a incantation to find Nara in hiding. It goes like this: "Curry, curry in the air~ Hungry children it's time to come home~♪"
Aranishat: Aranishat is stronger than Aralila. I'll hide out of sight, and Nara friend won't find me!
Aranishat: Fine, let's compete. Aranishat's not scared.
Aranishat: Golden Nara is impressive, but it's mainly because Aralila is too weak. Aranishat will not be found so quickly. Humph! Just watch.
Aranishat: Good Nara, do not forget! I will have a decisive battle against Aralila!
Aranishat: Hahahahaha! Aralila is weaker!
Aranishat: I don't know. But I heard little Nara will come when they hear this incantation! So, you can try it if you're looking for little Nara!
Aranishat: Oh, it's you, Golden Nara.
Aranishat: Our Nara friend wins. Awesome! Please take our flowers!
Aranishat: Pfft, Aralila lost to Aranishat last time, so Aralila is weaker.
Aranishat: Wah... All weak. Only Golden Nara is strong...
Aranishat: What? How!?
Aranishat: Yeah! I won't lose next time!