 Any thoughts?
 Are you here to cause trouble?
 As long as there's free meals.
 But Parvaneh's paper...
 But Parvaneh's research...
 Did you really remember that?
 Do you need my help!?
Paimon: Chill out! It's no serious business.
 He's here?
 Hehe, free meals.
Paimon: Hey! That sounds weird!
 Hold on.
 How are you holding up?
Xudong: No worries. It was way more exhausting back when I was making banquets back in Liyue.
 How can this be...
 How did it go?
 I'll teach him a lesson.
 I'm here for the free meals!
 Is anyone in trouble!
Paimon: Why are you getting excited? It's not a commission!
 Is there any way we can stop her?
 It's so hard to be a chef at Liyue Harbor!
 Leave it to me.
 One of Xudong's talents I guess...
 Parvaneh!
 Parvaneh's not leaving with you?
 Quest DescriptionYou bump into a group of familiar faces in Sumeru...
 Regions have their names in a similar way.
 Save some meal for me.
Xudong: No problem. I'll leave the most savory one for you!
 So what's next?
 Sure.
 Sure.
Xudong: Hehe, I'll be looking forward to it, then.
 They don't seem to have any hard labors to do...
 Time to dig in.
 Well that was abrupt!
 What are you trying to do?
 What do we do?
 What is it?
 What's going on?
 What?
 When did he give it to you?
 Where's Parvaneh?
 You came to Sumeru too?
 You sure everything will be okay?
Farzah and Nète take their leave...
Farzah: *sigh* Why won't you just listen...
Farzah: Haha, Parvaneh, you are back. I've been waiting for so long.
Farzah: I'll take a good look at it later. With your academic ability, I'm sure there won't be any issue.
Farzah: I'm not gonna lie to you. You can get your research out to the public faster by working with Mr. Nète.
Farzah: No worries! Your paper is well-written, and your research looks very promising, too! I've heard a lot of good words about it.
Farzah: Well... great work, Parvaneh.
Julie: A good friend of mine asked me to look into this.
Julie: Ah, that smells good! What did you make?
Julie: And after this...
Julie: Delicious, thanks...
Julie: Does it bear any fruit? Hmm... maybe... Divine Fruit?
Julie: Don't know. It's just a feeling...
Julie: Eh? Where did Xudong go?
Julie: Hmm... What's going on?
Julie: Hmph. Liar.
Julie: Huh? No, no. I—I'm just hungry! I'll be fine with some food.
Julie: Huh? What was that?
Julie: I don't have a good feeling about that Nète guy...
Julie: I don't like that mentor of hers...
Julie: I'm so sick of him...
Julie: If researchers feel hungry when reading, they could pick some of these fruits to eat...
Julie: Leave it to me!
Julie: Like The Four Winds in Mondstadt. Pretty easy to understand.
Julie: Maybe I'm too exhausted. Don't tell Parvaneh. I don't wanna upset her.
Julie: Or I won't be so polite.
Julie: Parvaneh, are you alright?
Julie: Parvaneh...
Julie: So many people here. Where do we even start?
Julie: Sounds like a liar...
Julie: Stay away from Parvaneh.
Julie: Thank you!
Julie: Thanks to this mister's help, we got the locations.
Julie: That's all right. I've always wanted to go to the Akademiya, but I've only heard about it from people in the guild...
Julie: The rendezvous is not far from here, Traveler. Let's hurry.
Julie: Urgh... It's nothing! I—I'm starving...!
Julie: We'd better go to Vimara Village and Caravan Ribat. They are marked on the map.
Julie: We're back!
Julie: What are you up to? Stay away!
Julie: Whoa... That's a huge one... Is that the Divine Tree that holds the Akademiya?
Julie: Why is Xudong chatting with everyone...?
Julie: Wow, she looks like such a proper lady...
Julie: Wow, such a huge tree!
Julie: Yay!
Julie: Yeah! I've always wanted to visit there. L—Let's roll!
Julie: Yeah, I'm a little tired.
Kamal: But why do you want to know? Got a job to offer?
Kamal: I see. Let me mark the locations on the map for you. They're all quite a way from the city, so try not to get lost.
Kamal: If you're looking to take commissions, just ask Katheryne over there.
Kamal: Physical labor? If I must, I'll say Vimara Village, Caravan Ribat, and Port Ormos.
Kamal: Vimara has farmers. Caravan Ribat and Port Ormos have a lot of menial laborers too.
Kamal: Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild. Anything you're here for?
Kamei Munehisa: A mysterious lady...
Kamei Munehisa: After all, you have been away for too long. No one knows what would happen on your return.
Kamei Munehisa: And why is that, Ms. Julie?
Kamei Munehisa: Doesn't Ms. Parvaneh have some business at the Akademiya? We should head off now. Can't afford to waste time.
Kamei Munehisa: Eh? Thirty people? That can't be all they have.
Kamei Munehisa: Eh? Why are you all looking at me?
Kamei Munehisa: Great. These should be enough.
Kamei Munehisa: Harra Fruit should be over there.
Kamei Munehisa: He could be more tricky than monsters...
Kamei Munehisa: Hehe, everyone, there's no point staying at the port.
Kamei Munehisa: Hmm... We have the Tri-Commission in Inazuma.
Kamei Munehisa: Hmph, I guess that scum's had enough and is appealing to arms?
Kamei Munehisa: Hmph... If we were back in Inazuma, I'd let my blade do the talking!
Kamei Munehisa: How about I beat someone in a duel and then recommend the spice to them?
Kamei Munehisa: How can Ms. Parvaneh get scolded by such scum!?
Kamei Munehisa: I feel humbled before one with such affinity...
Kamei Munehisa: I just noticed there are traces of monsters around.
Kamei Munehisa: I need to gather some other ingredients nearby. Traveler, please go back and check on Ms. Julie.
Kamei Munehisa: I'll be counting on you then.
Kamei Munehisa: I'll take care of that. Ms. Parvaneh has told me where to find Harra Fruit.
Kamei Munehisa: It is really something to be proud of to be recognized by your mentor.
Kamei Munehisa: It's pretty tranquil here.
Kamei Munehisa: Let's split up and end this quickly.
Kamei Munehisa: Ms. Julie is not a sedentary person. Of course she gets hungry fast.
Kamei Munehisa: Ms. Parvaneh, Mr. Xudong was just worried that you could run into something sticky.
Kamei Munehisa: Ms. Parvaneh...
Kamei Munehisa: Plagiarizing and deceiving... That's what she learned at the Akademiya!?
Kamei Munehisa: Please rendezvous with me once you have the Harra Fruit.
Kamei Munehisa: Shameless. She doesn't deserve the title of a researcher!
Kamei Munehisa: Sorry, I haven't found any Harra Fruit... Anything on your end?
(Submit Freshly-Picked Harra Fruit ×1)
Kamei Munehisa: That guard there looks like a Martial Artist. He looks really worried.
Kamei Munehisa: The Harra Fruit Ms. Parvaneh marked on the map... It grows on the south side of Sumeru City. We should search there.
Kamei Munehisa: Watch your step when you walk. Don't fixate on that tree, Ms. Julie.
Kamei Munehisa: We could run into monsters if we keep going. Please be careful.
Kamei Munehisa: We hardly got any rest after getting off the ship, and I'm exhausted too.
Kamei Munehisa: We should get something to eat soon and turn in, Parvaneh.
Kamei Munehisa: What a man of action...
Kamei Munehisa: What an amazing flavor, completely different from Inazuma's cooking.
Kamei Munehisa: You are so unpredictable.
Kamei Munehisa: You are such an exceptional chef, Mr. Xudong...
Kamei Munehisa: You're lying through your teeth... I have never met a man more loathsome than you.
Maryam: And take a good rest when you're done. The lady researcher must be tired even if you are not.
Maryam: He told me to give you the letter after you have rested.
Maryam: Hey chef, the ingredients are all ready in the kitchen, and there's a fire and a pot outside. You can cook something anytime.
Maryam: Hmm... Since I know Parvaneh, I can help you promote this "Omni-Spice."
Maryam: I guess you're well rested. Take this letter. That Nète guy from Fontaine asked me to give it to you.
Maryam: I heard it from Parvaneh. You tried to give the spice away for free in response to that Fontaine guy?
Maryam: Sorry for not telling you this. But he paid a lot.
Maryam: The guy's left. He paid me to prepare the ingredients and wait for you to come.
Maryam: What a stupid idea for an Akademiya researcher.
Maryam: Why don't you rest up over here?
Maryam: You must have been tired after all the work.
Maryam: You're finally back. I thought you'd give up halfway through.
Nabati: A peculiar guy from Fontaine did try to sell the spice you mentioned, but the residents here simply couldn't afford it...
Nabati: And most ships dock at Port Ormos.
Nabati: And slackers like me, of course.
Nabati: And why are there a bunch of people behind you? What is all this!?
Nabati: But how could Farzah do this? It doesn't make sense. There's no news of her project being suspended, and she is getting paid as usual.
Nabati: Don't stare at me like that. Let's get down to business.
Nabati: Field trip again...
Nabati: Food for marketing. That's new.
Nabati: Hard labors like loading cargo and repair work are mostly done at Port Ormos.
Nabati: Hi there, I'm Nabati. I do research on the human body at Amurta.
Nabati: Hmm... Light meals I guess. And fish is a regular dish here.
Nabati: How much is this "Omni-Spice"? I'd like to buy some to try.
Nabati: I didn't copy you! Don't forget, you referenced my outline!
Nabati: Okay. Parvaneh, you are crazy...
Nabati: Omni-Spice? What's that supposed to be?
Nabati: Over time, many people went to work there. Now only elders and kids stay at the village.
Nabati: Parvaneh? Why are you here? Didn't you go back to the Akademiya to submit your paper?
Nabati: Thank god we didn't. I could've choked on your weird dishes.
Nabati: The elders couldn't tell the difference, but I just couldn't stand it...
Nabati: This is delicious! And it doesn't seem to have any special spices...
Nabati: This place is so far away from the city that seasonings are hard to buy. Sometimes the dishes are incredibly bland.
Nabati: Though my project hasn't been approved...
Nabati: Vimara is located in a very convenient spot. It's a key area along the waterway to Sumeru. And if you go along the waterway, you will get to Port Ormos.
Nabati: Wait, you're just giving it to me like that? This could sell for a lot of Mora! That Fontaine peddler put a high price on the spice.
Nabati: Why are we doing business with a Fontaine guy...
Nabati: You want to make dishes that appeal to the local taste in Vimara Village, right?
Neriman: *sigh* Life's so hard. Especially when you have to cook for yourself after getting off work. I feel exhausted just thinking about it.
Neriman: Finished already? Where's the spicing?
Neriman: How come a man sells spice like this?
Neriman: I'd rather you just give me an offer like that Fontaine vendor did. And just to be clear, I don't have much in my pocket to handle some fancy spice.
Neriman: That makes sense... Thanks.
Neriman: This is too good to be true...
Neriman: This must cost a pile of Mora. The Fontaine peddler put a high price on his spice, too...
Neriman: What... Are you here to peddle goods like the Fontaine guy? I don't have time for this.
Neriman: Whoa...! So many port stevedores in Liyue!
Neriman: Wh—What do you mean? You don't want my Mora?
Nète leaves...
Nète: And I know you are not willing to cooperate with her.
Nète: But now I think you're perfect for business.
Nète: But you cannot build your word of mouth like that overnight, hehe...
Nète: Easy, Miss Adventurer. I don't wish to fight you, nor do I have the ability to.
Nète: Even if you don't want to work with me... We'll find another way.
Nète: Experiences, resources... Those can be improved in many ways.
Nète: Hahaha! It seems like you haven't dealt with many businessmen, then.
Nète: Hmph... Miss Farzah, I presume something's wrong with the security of the Akademiya? Since when could an Adventurer come in here and give us cheek?
Nète: Hmph... This is not what we agreed on, Miss Farzah.
Nète: Huh, I think I've said too much. Well, I guess that's it for today. I have to go back and see if Ms. Farzah is starving in her lab.
Nète: I was wrong. She's not the right pick for a business partner.
Nète: I will stay in Sumeru for some time. I sincerely look forward to working with you one day. So long.
Nète: Miss Parvaneh, I sincerely advise you to reconsider. This kind of win-win business is hard to come by.
Nète: Of course I am. What makes you think I'm not?
Nète: Part of the profits I made from Ms. Farzah's formula will be used to promote your formula for free, and the rest of the profits... will be all yours.
Nète: Relax, I just want to ask... Are there any opportunities for me to invest in you?
Nète: See, I knew it would come to this.
Nète: She might be working on her new formula. Locked herself in her room and won't come out... But to be honest, I don't really care about this.
Nète: So here's my offer: I'll invest in your spice and organize resources for the business.
Nète: That's all right, Miss Parvaneh. You can rest assured I won't make it difficult for you.
Nète: The formula Ms. Farzah is making will be of higher quality, but it's somewhat difficult to promote.
Nète: Welcome! Welcome, everyone. I've been waiting for you.
Nète: What do you say?
Nète: You don't have to pay a single Mora. You just need to put my "trademark" on the back of your formula.
Nète: You have plans and are willing to get your hands dirty. Plus, you have pretty decent skills.
Nète: You know, I did tons of work just to skirt around some boring clauses... And she wouldn't even get down from her high horse as a researcher. I also had to find resources to promote her spice because she refused to do it herself.
Nète: You've won this one. Please go easy on this poor businessman.
Nète: Your plan has worked. Your free spice is taking over the market. It'll be even harder for me to promote a new spice.
Nète: Your spice formula is taking root on the market, enjoying popularity and reputation among consumers.
Paimon: Are you saying you're going to spread the formula by making dishes with it?
Paimon: But how do we give it to the people out there?
Paimon: Chill out! It's no serious business.
Paimon: Hey! That sounds weird!
Paimon: It appears so, but it's more than thirty people when we talk about the Corps of Thirty in Sumeru.
Paimon: It's been a while. Are you here to look for ingredients for some tasty food?
Paimon: Julie, why are you silent? Something wrong?
Paimon: Let's check back in with him tomorrow.
Paimon: Let's meet the guys at the Akademiya. We could be late for that.
Paimon: Since when did he start chitchatting with that guy...?
Paimon: So that's why Julie's seemed distracted the whole way...
Paimon: This should be the Harra Fruit. Let's get back to Mr. Kamei.
Paimon: Uh-oh! Busted!
Paimon: Why are you getting excited? It's not a commission!
Paimon: Why is everyone so angry? What's going on...
Paimon: Wow, Paimon can't wait!
Paimon: Xudong's got quite a way with words. Paimon didn't see that before...
Paimon: Xudong's voice... sounds a little sad...
Paimon: You already have an idea?
Parvaneh tells Nabati what happened...
Parvaneh: *sigh* I just wanted to do my research. Why did I get into this mess...
Parvaneh: ...Bunch of sentimental crap. He said he has business to talk about with us at the Akademiya.
Parvaneh: A bunch of people just flooding into the Akademiya... They would've thought I was hijacked!
Parvaneh: Actually, it's my paper on "Omni-Spice." I've finished it and am about to report to the Akademiya.
Parvaneh: After this... Hmph, I can work on the projects that I like.
Parvaneh: Ahem...
Parvaneh: Almost. I'll just have to wait for the paper to be formally reviewed, which should be completed in the next few days.
Parvaneh: And why would you even want to invest in our formula? Ms. Farzah is a more experienced researcher who has way more resources than me.
Parvaneh: And you're not happy about it? Take it, and be sure to share it with others. Don't just use it for your own food.
Parvaneh: Anyway, this is the situation. Come and help me! Think about the tons of homework you copied from me!
Parvaneh: But Julie may want to see it.
Parvaneh: But you guys don't have to come with me! I'll catch up with you after this is over.
Parvaneh: Come if you want. I should be able to get it over with in no time.
Parvaneh: Do you know what you're talking about?
Parvaneh: Finally, huh? I can see that look on your face...
Parvaneh: Going to the Akademiya for a tour... Seriously?
Parvaneh: Haven't you eaten already? You really have a voracious appetite, don't you?
Parvaneh: He didn't seem to be able to sell any spice... But why has he been keeping pace with us?
Parvaneh: Here he goes again... Traveler, did you get the ingredients?
(Submit Potato ×2)
Parvaneh: How do you even manage to stay in shape with that appetite...
Parvaneh: How is it, Julie?
Parvaneh: Huh!? Why would I feel embarrassed!?
Parvaneh: I can't afford more time to look for you...
Parvaneh: I had intended to give the "Omni-Spice" formula to everyone for free with my resources at the Akademiya anyway.
Parvaneh: I might have been able to speed up my research if I'd known you sooner...
Parvaneh: I must be crazy to actually do this... Ah! Traveler, did you get the ingredients?
(Submit Fish ×3)
Parvaneh: I saw you're open and wanted to get some Shawarma Wraps. Got enough ingredients for us?
Parvaneh: I say no. I've told you before. I don't want anything to do with you.
Parvaneh: I still have things to do before my paper gets approved. You better stay at Sumeru City.
Parvaneh: I think I am too. But it's good to be crazy once in a while.
Parvaneh: I'll give you the formula. Since you are a researcher, I'm sure you can make one on your own.
Parvaneh: I'll just have to submit the finalized version this time.
Parvaneh: I'll never cooperate with you. I've told you that!
Parvaneh: I'll take you for tasty food... Don't worry I won't forget.
Parvaneh: I've been in contact with her. She's read my draft.
Parvaneh: It would actually be better if that was the case...
Parvaneh: It's great Miss Maryam is willing to help... Traveler, did you get the Padisarah?
(Submit Padisarah ×3)
Parvaneh: It's just a name, don't worry... Anyway, let's go and take a look.
Parvaneh: It's just some dumb paper. No worries.
Parvaneh: It's okay...
Parvaneh: It's practically impossible for us to stop her from making an advanced "Omni-Spice"...
Parvaneh: Julie, it's okay.
Parvaneh: Just go and play somewhere, and I'll catch up with you in a minute...
Parvaneh: Let me see... Let's go to the headquarters of the Corps of Thirty.
Parvaneh: Let me see... We'll head to Adventurers' Guild next.
Parvaneh: Ms. Farzah, I'll never trade "Omni-Spice" for even one Mora.
Parvaneh: My mentor... No, Farzah's had her eyes on my spice from the start. No wonder she was always so eager to discuss my paper with me...
Parvaneh: Nothing wrong with giving the formula away in the most straightforward way.
Parvaneh: Now she's developed a whole new project based on my paper, and made another seasoning to sell.
Parvaneh: Since I wrote the first word of this paper, I've told you I'll provide the research results to anyone in need for free.
Parvaneh: Sorry I'm late, Ms. Farzah. Something happened on the way and it took me a while.
Parvaneh: Spices are sealed in the warehouses. How can we even smell them at the harbor?
Parvaneh: Stationed here is the Corps of Thirty, responsible for the defense of Sumeru City.
Parvaneh: Thank you. I brought the whole paper with me...
Parvaneh: That Nète guy... seems to be exactly where we're going, and he's always one step ahead of us.
Parvaneh: That sounds good. Shevirme's grill should still be open, so we ought to feast there.
Parvaneh: The "Omni-Spice" has not been refined. I shall perfect it when I have a whole team!
Parvaneh: The entire Corps has expanded, but the name remains in memory of the founders.
Parvaneh: The name came from its founders. There were exactly thirty of them.
Parvaneh: Then let's get going. It should take a while to get to the Akademiya from here.
Parvaneh: There's no such fruit.
Parvaneh: There's nothing fun in the Akademiya. All you can do is wait for me there...
Parvaneh: This is bad...
Parvaneh: This is the place!
Parvaneh: Though I don't think it would be any different from the guilds of anywhere else...
Parvaneh: Traveler, you should come with us. You offered us so much help, now it's my turn to treat you in Sumeru.
Parvaneh: Ugh... Julie?
Parvaneh: We are going to visit the Adventurers' Guild. Are you coming?
Parvaneh: We have canteens...
Parvaneh: We want nothing from you. Instead, we kindly ask you to share this formula to the public.
Parvaneh: We went to the Akademiya together long ago, but we didn't really work together since we were studying different subjects.
Parvaneh: We're back to Port Ormos again.
Parvaneh: Well, it's a long story...
Parvaneh: What are you even talking about? My tutor is too nice to make things difficult for me.
Parvaneh: What are you guys talking about?
Parvaneh: What are you sniffing?
Parvaneh: When did you learn to cook this? I've never seen you do that before.
Parvaneh: Whew... I'm glad he didn't talk to me. I'm afraid of dealing with people from the Eremites...
Parvaneh: Why are you so polite all of a sudden? Are you feeling okay?
Parvaneh: Why do you have to beat someone in the first place...
Parvaneh: Win-win? I'm not trying to win. I didn't write this paper to make money!
Parvaneh: Yes, they just got to Sumeru and I've been showing them around the city.
Parvaneh: You are not with Farzah?
Parvaneh: You are unbelievable... Fine, the Akademiya is up there. Let's get going.
Parvaneh: Y—You are too kind, Ms. Farzah...
Shevirme starts to cook...
Shevirme: Are those your friends behind you?
Shevirme: Are you kidding me? Of course I do! Six rolls, one for each person, right? Give me a few minutes!
Shevirme: Parvaneh? You're back?
Xudong starts cooking...
Xudong: ...
Xudong: After her thesis is accepted, she has to stay with the Akademiya to do research work, so she can't come with us anymore.
Xudong: Ah! I smell it! The aroma of delicacies!
Xudong: Ah, so this is Sumeru...
Xudong: Alright, show's on!
Xudong: And my stupid way is the exact opposite of their plan, and that's...
Xudong: And.. some Sumeru local specialties maybe?
Xudong: Any dish with this "Omni-Spice" will have a delicious taste.
Xudong: Anyways, the formula is in your hands. Remember to share!
Xudong: Are you feeling embarrassed now?
Xudong: Are you serious?
Xudong: But... What is this Nète plotting...?
Xudong: Chefs are generous. Traveler, please help us find two Potatoes and drop them off to Parvaneh.
Xudong: Chill, Mr. Kamei. This is the Akademiya. The Corps of Thirty is right down there.
Xudong: Come on, this is not the end of the world. It's not like we'll never see her again!
Xudong: Did Parvaneh just blush? You don't see that every day.
Xudong: Didn't you say Sumeru has a lot of spices? I don't smell any of them!
Xudong: Do you know what kind of food the folks like here?
Xudong: Don't worry. We'll get to the bottom of this.
Xudong: Even though everyone tried to avoid the subject, Parvaneh will likely remain with the Akademiya.
Xudong: Everything is ready... I've just checked the recipe twice more. Seven times in total. There won't be any problems.
Xudong: Farzah, Nète... I guess the whole thing is not as simple as we had hoped for.
Xudong: Finally, local Sumeru delicacies! Can't wait!
Xudong: Flicked through the recipe yesterday. It's in my mind now.
Xudong: Great. Did you get any information?
Xudong: Haha, it is what it is. A restaurant must be cleaned before it can be opened to customers.
Xudong: Hehe, I'll be looking forward to it, then.
Xudong: Hehe, guess what the Gourmet Supremos do best? We make meals with all ingredients and spices...
Xudong: Hehe, then it'd be great for you to try Parvaneh's "Omni-Spice."
Xudong: Here, this is the formula of "Omni-Spice." It's easy to prepare. You can make some back at home.
Xudong: Hmm... Let me think about making a "Potato Boat" for this mister.
Xudong: I could feel the tension in the air. Don't know how things are going over there...
Xudong: I dare not refuse it.
Xudong: I didn't expect all this to happen in Sumeru. This is fun...
Xudong: I know I can rely on you. Traveler, could you help Mr. Kamei find Harra Fruit for us?
Xudong: I'll prepare the rest of the ingredients. When you get the Padisarahs, please give them to Parvaneh. Thank you, Traveler.
Xudong: If everyone had the formula for free, few would buy it when Nète tries to sell it.
Xudong: If there's a problem, I'll find a way out.
Xudong: If you don't believe me, you can try the "Fish With Cream Sauce" made with this "Omni-Spice."
Xudong: Is this the Adventurers' Guild?
Xudong: It's just like the Liyue Qixing in Liyue...
Xudong: It's what she wants. She talked to us about it and we all understand.
Xudong: Julie, please ask the Adventurers' Guild for a list of villages that demand a lot of hard labor: fishing, lumbering or hunting. As long as it takes toil!
Xudong: Just checked this recipe five times. Whew... Hopefully we can make it right...
Xudong: Last night we went back to the inn with Parvaneh for a little chat.
Xudong: Let's get back to business. Mr. Kamei, Julie, please help me set up the pot.
Xudong: Let's hope it goes well this time, too.
Xudong: Let's roll. I didn't expect Sumeru City to be so big that it wore me out just window shopping!
Xudong: Let's roll. I didn't expect to have such fun in Sumeru City. This trip really is worth my time!
Xudong: Like I said, with this "Omni-Spice," any dish can become a delicious one.
Xudong: Looks like there's no other choice. We can only go with my dumb idea.
Xudong: Looks like we won't be able to leave Sumeru for now. We must look into this.
Xudong: More importantly, "Omni-Spice" is not difficult to make.
Xudong: Mr. Kamei gets me!
Xudong: Mr. Kamei, please help us collect spices we are gonna need for cooking dishes.
Xudong: Mr. Nabati, I'm now introducing to you, the amazing "Omni-Spice."
Xudong: No problem. I'll leave the most savory one for you!
Xudong: No way. We must make sure everyone enjoys the savory meals. No one should be left out.
Xudong: No worries. It was way more exhausting back when I was making banquets back in Liyue.
Xudong: No worries. The whole city is enough for a tour.
Xudong: Not for me. I have a special spice that can easily help me make delicious meals.
Xudong: Now that you're done here, how about you show us around?
Xudong: Nète might have drummed up many to help him sell the formula. We must get ahead of him!
Xudong: Of course not. It took us a whole night to figure it out.
Xudong: Okay. Our final stop would be "Caravan Ribat."
Xudong: Old acquaintances we've got here...
Xudong: Parvaneh and I will go back to the inn and figure out the menu. And when you're ready, we'll meet here.
Xudong: Parvaneh briefed me with some details, and I think I know how Farzah will make money off "Omni-Spice."
Xudong: Parvaneh is indeed a true researcher at the Sumeru Akademiya. What an answer.
Xudong: Parvaneh said she knows Maryam, owner of Gilded Journey. And she told her about our spice marketing.
Xudong: Parvaneh told us before that she kept in touch with her mentor, so she should get the result for her thesis in two or three days.
Xudong: Parvaneh was suddenly called away by a man from the Akademiya, who said something went wrong with her paper and she needed to discuss it with her mentor.
Xudong: Parvaneh, have you gotten it over with your business?
Xudong: Parvaneh, what does it say?
Xudong: She explained to us that her paper might have been plagiarized by Farzah to... make some deals with someone.
Xudong: She was supposed to go alone. But we were a bit worried, so we went with her.
Xudong: She's over there. I'll brief you on what happened.
Xudong: Since Mr. Kamei got really angry, we're staying here, while Julie has gone with Parvaneh.
Xudong: Since we can head to Port Ormos via the waterway, let's go there next.
Xudong: Since we have no idea when the next time will be after we leave Sumeru.
Xudong: Sorry, the idea came from me. I'm a chef.
Xudong: Sort of... But before we start to look for any, we need to run some errands with Parvaneh.
Xudong: Sweet! We've got no time to waste. Let's visit Vimara Village first.
Xudong: Thank you, Mr. Kamei, the ingredients should be enough. Parvaneh and I have decided on the menu.
Xudong: That Fontaine guy's name must be Nète.
Xudong: That might be true, but it will feel like we're missing something.
Xudong: That should be enough. I'll take care of it. It won't be long.
Xudong: That should do. Let me heat the pot up...
Xudong: That way you'll see how good this spice is.
Xudong: That'd be great. You could just take us as tourists.
Xudong: That's one of the skills a chef must master. You can't take care of customers of all kinds without a silver tongue, can you?
Xudong: That's probably the cause.
Xudong: That's the spirit!
Xudong: That's what makes the "Omni-Spice" so special! It brings out the flavor in the food, giving it an amazing taste.
Xudong: The smell, the taste... It's heavenly!
Xudong: Then let's do what we planned last night!
Xudong: Then let's get going. Time to see what this guy wants.
Xudong: They started arguing, then Parvaneh came out, slammed the door, and bumped into us.
Xudong: This is "Tandoori Roast Chicken." It sounds weird, but does have a good taste.
Xudong: Those two misers will have to keep the spice formula to themselves if they want to make any money.
Xudong: Those two... They must've been planning this for a while.
Xudong: To give the formula away to the public for free first.
Xudong: Traveler, I didn't expect to meet you here!
Xudong: Traveler, could you come with us for another trip?
Xudong: Traveler, could you please help me gather some Padisarahs? It's certainly been a long day for everyone, and I wanna prepare a fine meal to treat everybody.
Xudong: Traveler, let me show you the rendezvous.
Xudong: Traveler, looks like we're gonna team up again. We might still need your help in the future.
Xudong: Traveler, please help us find some fresh fish and drop it off to Parvaneh. I'll have to go through the recipe a few more times...
Xudong: Traveler, you couldn't have come at... a worse time...
Xudong: Try anything rash and we'll all get busted!
Xudong: Wait, our spice is nothing like what the Fontaine guy was selling to you.
Xudong: We can even bum a meal off the Akademiya when we come back later.
Xudong: We heard outside that the researcher Farzah was talking to Parvaneh...
Xudong: We reserved lodging and will check in soon.
Xudong: We talked all night and couldn't come up with any good ideas, so today we came with her to talk to Farzah again.
Xudong: We'll leave Sumeru after Parvaneh's thesis gets officially passed.
Xudong: We'll leave it in your hands, then.
Xudong: We'll make a dish with the spice for you to try. For free.
Xudong: We'll only need to wait for Julie to tell us where to make the meals.
Xudong: Well, if Nète said so. We're so going there for a meet-up.
Xudong: Well, you got it for free. It'd be nice to give it to others as a free favor, wouldn't it?
Xudong: Wow, that looks like a nice pot.
Xudong: Yeah, come back to the Akademiya tomorrow and hang out with us.
Xudong: Yeah. We got whacked every time we finish unloading.
Xudong: Yes, I'm a chef... But I started out as a restaurant owner in Liyue Harbor, and I know a trick or two about running a business.
Xudong: You look worried... Ran into some trouble?
Xudong: You seem dispirited, Julie. Are you feeling exhausted?
Yunus: Ah, it seems that another bunch of our men should be back now...
Yunus: Ah, you must've come to Sumeru City for a visit.
Yunus: I was wondering what meals our cook should prepare for them.
Yunus: I'm Yunus, a logistics officer of the Corps of Thirty in the Citadel of Regzar.
Yunus: Now, if you'll excuse me. Have a good time in Sumeru City.
Yunus: They move so fast in large numbers. People we sent to deal with them got whacked every time.
Yunus: Yes. Monsters in the wild have been restless for reasons unknown. We've had to send someone out to drive them away.