 (Use the Bija.)
 A Vision.
 Can you hear me?
 Don't mention it. This was a most rewarding adventure for us, too.
Paimon: Yeah! Besides, Arana and Arama are the ones you should be thanking...
 I already have some clues about who we're up against.
 I wish you both a most rewarding journey.
 It's been a pleasure to know you all.
 Take care.
 I wish you both a most rewarding journey.
 Leave this to me.
 Let's head off together.
 Quest DescriptionFinally, you claimed the Bija. It's time to return to Rana.
 She looks fine.
 Take care.
 There's no hard evidence yet.
 Time to bid farewell.
 We will.
Paimon: Arana, come with us! Your friend must want to see you again!
 We're your friends, Arana.
 You should thank Arana and Arama instead.
"We met Arana while looking for you. Arana said..."
Arana: ...
Arana: ...Okay.
Arana: An Ashvattha Tree... Strange. The Ashvattha Tree shouldn't be here. Golden Nara, White Floaty... Arana doesn't recognize you. But you look familiar. Who are you?
Arana: Arana doesn't know. Arana has forgotten.
Arana: Arana doesn't want to go. Arana has forgotten. If my friend sees that they've been forgotten, they will be sad and think that Arana doesn't cherish them.
Arana: Arana saw that you took the Bija, yes? Arana gave many memories to the Ashvattha Tree to grow that fruit, to help a friend.
Arana: Arana understands now. There seemed to be a hole in my heart through which important memories slipped away. But, seeing you and the Ashvattha Tree, Arana understands much more now.
Arana: But, it's okay. Since past-Arana was willing to let memories go for Rana's sake, current-Arana knows that you are the most important Nara, even more precious than memories.
Arana: Hello, Nara friend.
Arana: Is she... Arana's Nara friend?
Arana: Mm. Arana believes you. You smell kind...
Arana: No. But, it's okay. You have the Bija, so you must be friends that Arana trusts, and Nara that the Ashvattha Tree recognizes.
Arana: Of course.
Arana: Please take the Bija to Arana's friend in need.
Arana: Seeing the Nilotpala Lotus bloom will grant you luck until the next moon rises.
Arana: Sorry... Arana no longer remembers.
Arana: Thank you, Golden Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Arana has lost those memories, but Arana knows you are good Nara. You helped Arana meet Narana. Arana is so happy.
Arana: This is Arana's Ararakalari...
Arana: We'll see each other again for sure!
Arana: Yes!
Arana: Yes. Narana, we used to be best friends, and we will be best friends again.
Arana: You are Arana's friends, so Arana believes you.
From Rana's chest, glows a light with the warmth of heartbeat, faint yet bright.She tries to cover and touch the light with her hands, but the light source burrows into her hands as if consciously.When the light fades out, a delicate ornament appears in her hand.
Paimon: Arana, come with us! Your friend must want to see you again!
Paimon: Are you awake...?
Paimon: Bija grows from memories... Paimon thinks that Arana must've treasured those memories of you greatly, which is how the fruit could help you bring back some memories while it was healing you...
Paimon: But Araja said Aranara have long lives! Paimon thinks that you two can still create many precious memories together, just like Paimon and (Traveler) do!
Paimon: Clever Arana... So do you remember that friend?
Paimon: Gah! Paimon almost forgot that we still haven't solved our bad guy problem...
Paimon: Hey, look! That's...
Paimon: It's okay, Rana! That said, Iotham, Kavus, and Sudabeh are going to miss you if you leave...
Paimon: Paimon's name is Paimon, and (he/she) is (Traveler).
Paimon: Rana and Arana... Paimon hopes you enjoy your journey. And that you won't forget about us!
Paimon: So Arana really did forget everything...
Paimon: So let's go together, alright?
Paimon: That's good, that's good... Paimon was getting worried that you wouldn't come back...
Paimon: The friend you wanted to help is a great person... uh, a great Nara. Even if you forget her, Arana, she would still want to be your friend.
Paimon: This is the first time Paimon has seen something like this happen with her own eyes...
Paimon: Um, Paimon's not sure if it's fair to Arana to say this...
Paimon: What? Who? Why didn't Paimon know anything about that?
Paimon: Yeah! Besides, Arana and Arama are the ones you should be thanking...
Paimon: Yeah... Rana, it's not Arana's fault. Here's what happened...
Paimon: Yes. Now, (Traveler)...
Rana: "Do not yield to the wind, or the rain. Do not yield to the winter snow, or the summer heat..."
Rana: *sob* How could I forget about you... You must hate me, don't you...
Rana: ...
Rana: Ah, I've got so many things to do. First, I'll let everyone know I'm awake. Oh, and I need to tell Tighnari about my plans to travel.
Rana: And if I hadn't done that, I wouldn't have run into those Fungi and met two kind and honest souls who would never leave someone in need behind...
Rana: Arana, where have you been? I've been waiting for you, for you to take me to the forest... the magical forest full of mysteries that only appears when I'm with you...
Rana: Arana? Is that you, Arana...
Rana: Eh...?
Rana: Great! Now that I have this, I can embark on this journey with no more worries! I should even be able to handle the remnants of The Withering just fine. If only I could look as good in a fight as you, (Traveler)!
Rana: I believe you, (Traveler).
Rana: I can't thank you enough, (Traveler) and Paimon.
Rana: I dreamed that I grew up quickly into a reliable Forest Watcher who could protect everyone in Vimara Village. Reliable grown-ups don't believe in forest fairy tales.
Rana: I dreamed that I had forgotten all about you. I came to think that the stories about Aranara were just fairy tales for children. That the forest was just land with many trees, and that there was no such thing as magic...
Rana: I heard this poem once. (Traveler), Paimon, I'm sure we'll meet again someday. And you'll see a stronger me then for sure!
Rana: I know it seems impulsive, but I would like to go on a journey with Arana. I'm just worried that the children in Vimara Village might be put at risk again...
Rana: I was so scared when I woke up. Scared that I had forgotten all about you. I wouldn't know what to do if that happened... But thankfully, it was just a dream! I'm just so relieved to see you again!
Rana: I will return one day and tell them tons of great stories, and I will introduce Arana to them, just like how I introduced (Traveler).
Rana: I've always been waiting for you... You know, I had this long, long dream where I met you for the first time...
Rana: In the dream, I got lost in the forest. I couldn't find my parents or my way home. I was crying. You heard it, and you found me and sang to me...
Rana: It all happened so that I got to know you. (Traveler), Paimon, you've both been such a great help. You saved me and helped reunite me with my best friend...
Rana: Like how Starshrooms are the reflection of stars in the sky. Like how seeing the Nilotpala Lotus bloom...
Rana: Marana... So The Withering problem was pretty much settled while I was asleep. I don't know how to thank you, (Traveler), Paimon and all the Aranara...
Rana: My name is Rana. Would you like to be my friend?
Rana: Oh, did I fall asleep again... Where am I? Hey, (Traveler), Paimon, I'm so glad you're alright! I was worried you'd be affected by The Withering. And...
Rana: Really? Who? Come, I must give them a few hard knocks to go!
Rana: Right...
Rana: So Arana, will you go travel with me?
Rana: So it was I who forgot everything...
Rana: So my wish was recognized by the gods...
Rana: Thank you again, Paimon, Arana. And thank you, (Traveler).
Rana: Thank you, (Traveler), Paimon... You went through so much trouble to help me...
Rana: Thank you, and sorry, Arana...
Rana: Then we became best friends. I often came to hang out with you in the forest. You gave me a flower as a gift, and you taught me so many things, so many secrets of the forest.
Rana: They are stronger than you think. And they know (Traveler), too. Besides, it's not like I'm never coming back!
Rana: This might come out strange... but I do think that this bad guy did bring something other than trouble. I mean, if the children hadn't gotten lost, I wouldn't have increased my patrol frequency...
Rana: Yes! That's it! And then I dreamed that...
Rana: You're right... We still have a lot of time with each other. We can explore the vastness of the forest, the world, and the future together.
Rana: You've lost so many memories because of me. But just as Paimon said, we can create our memories together to fill the void in your heart.
The Fungi in Mawtiyima Forest, the fight at the Rain's End, the inside of the Ruin Golem, the song amidst the roses. Aranara acting as brothers and sisters, the joyful scenes of Festival Utsava...Gently, you tell Rana and Arana about all that you encountered together with the Aranara.