 ...?
Paimon: Huh, it didn't respond. Guess we need to figure out the password before we can get in... And whatever you're thinking, it's definitely not anything written on the door!
 Maq bara parvezvan...
Operate Device: (You get no reaction at all. Nothing happens.)
 Marg bar parvezravan...
(The door opens)
 Not yet.
Soheil: Alright. If you do find anything, please share them with me and quench my thirst for knowledge.
 Password.
Paimon: Oh, come on! No one's going to set such a simple password! The words on this gate aren't it either!
Paimon: See, it didn't respond. Guess we need to figure out the password before we can get in...
 Quest DescriptionAs it turns out, you have explored the Lamb-Devourer Rock mentioned in Soheil's notes before. Might as well give the stone slate you found there to him straight.
 Quest DescriptionSoheil's notes mention a place known as the Lamb-Devourer Rock. There might be a Thutmose's secret base around that area, too.
 Step DescriptionAs it turned out, there was a Thutmose base here after all. Tail any patrolling mercenaries and find a way to enter that base.
 Step DescriptionYou have found the stone slate that the mercenaries tossed aside. Bring it back to Soheil.
 We explored the Lamb-Devourer Rock.
Soheil: You weren't in any danger, were you? Not that I doubt you could handle any situation, even if you did encounter Thutmose.
Alert Mercenary: Careful, folks, we've got company!
Operate Device:
Operate Device: (You get no reaction at all. Nothing happens.)
Operate Device: Speak the password, and the path will open.
Paimon: But it has been such a long time, so even if there was a hiding spot, it should be abandoned by now, shouldn't it?
Paimon: But that password was way too hard. No wonder Thutmose uses this place as their base.
Paimon: But y'know, it doesn't look like there's anything here that Soheil can use...
Paimon: Hmm, these Eremites seem to be on high alert now. Let's leave first and come back later.
Paimon: Hmm, this chest has a bunch of random junk in it... and a battered stone slate?
Paimon: Hmm. Soheil's notes did mention that the Eremites here would appear and disappear out of the blue. They sure sound like a dangerous bunch.
Paimon: Hmm? What's with the sudden frown? Did you run into something difficult to decipher?
Paimon: How about we quietly observe the surroundings for a while and figure out this place's secret?
Paimon: Huh, it didn't respond. Guess we need to figure out the password before we can get in... And whatever you're thinking, it's definitely not anything written on the door!
Paimon: Let's follow her quietly. Maybe she might lead us to some clues!
Paimon: Let's have a look around. No stone unturned, no chest unopened!
Paimon: Let's take it with us. Who knows, one Paimon's trash might be some researcher's gem!
Paimon: Let's try looking for it nearby!
Paimon: Looks like this is their treasure stash! No wonder they used such a complex password...
Paimon: Oh, come on! No one's going to set such a simple password! The words on this gate aren't it either!
Paimon: Ohoho! Not only is this place their secret base, but it's also their treasure stash! No wonder they needed such a tough password.
Paimon: Ooh! The door's moving!
Paimon: See, it didn't respond. Guess we need to figure out the password before we can get in...
Paimon: This is where the notes mentioned that Thutmose would suddenly appear and then disappear.
Paimon: This means they probably do have a secret hideout around here — and that means treasure!
Paimon: This mercenary keeps walking this and way and that over here. On patrol, maybe?
Paimon: Those researchers would be super mad if they found out that the mercenaries just stashed it away like this.
Paimon: Whoa, never mind! They're still around! We've gotta keep our voices down!
Paimon: Why don't we listen in on some of the Eremites nearby? They might have some clues for us.
Paimon: Wow, she keeps repeating that weird phrase... and something about a door that needs a password to enter?
Patrolling Mercenary: Better say it a few times so I don't forget...
Patrolling Mercenary: Gah. Why isn't the Boss back yet? Did something happen to him?
Patrolling Mercenary: Marg bar parvezravan...
Patrolling Mercenary: Uh, wait a minute. What was the password again? Darn it...
Patrolling Mercenary: Wait, it was Parvezravan. That's right. The password's Marg bar parvezravan...
Patrolling Mercenary: Was it Marg bar parvezravan... or was it Maq bara parvezvan?
Patrolling Mercenary: Well, whatever. If anything does happen, I just need to duck behind that password-protected door.
Soheil: "On the Relationship Between the Development of Rhetoric and the Progress of Civilization."
Soheil: Alright. If you do find anything, please share them with me and quench my thirst for knowledge.
Soheil: I must thank you on behalf of the Akademiya for getting such a valuable... Uh...
Soheil: Just the opposite, really. It's a love poem.
Soheil: Perhaps this slate would be more valuable to those from Haravatat. I can already imagine what titles they'll come up with...
Soheil: So there is a secret base after all... No wonder Thutmose still managed to rob me despite all the precautions I took.
Soheil: So there is a secret base after all... No wonder Thutmose still managed to rob me despite all the precautions I took.
Soheil: What a bunch of ignorant fools! They claim to worship King Deshret, and yet they randomly throw such important relics around! Inexcusable!
Soheil: I must thank you on behalf of the Akademiya for getting such a valuable... Uh...
Paimon: Hmm? What's with the sudden frown? Did you run into something difficult to decipher?
Soheil: Just the opposite, really. It's a love poem.
Soheil: Perhaps this slate would be more valuable to those from Haravatat. I can already imagine what titles they'll come up with...
Soheil: "On the Relationship Between the Development of Rhetoric and the Progress of Civilization."
(Quest completes)
Soheil: What a bunch of ignorant fools! They claim to worship King Deshret, and yet they randomly throw such important relics around! Inexcusable!
Soheil: You weren't in any danger, were you? Not that I doubt you could handle any situation, even if you did encounter Thutmose.
Soheil: You're back. Did you find anything special in the desert?
Thutmose Member: Intruders!
Thutmose Member: Wait, what!? How's that possible?
Transcription missing
You recount your exploration of Lamb-Devourer Rock to Soheil and give him the stone slate.