
(Arabalika defeats a Ruin Guard)
 Aranara are our friends, after all.
 Getting confused, Paimon?
 I have something else to do.
Arabalika: Be careful, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Don't be careless. May Aramuhukunda watch over you.
 I'll hold you to your word, Paimon.
 I'm counting on you, Paimon!
 If you could, Paimon, I'd leave every battle to you.
Paimon: Hehe, and Paimon would protect (Traveler) instead!
 I'm counting on you, Paimon!
Paimon: Leave it to Paimon! You can leave everything to Paimon!
 It makes him seem less like an Aranara...
Paimon: Well, what would be "more like an Aranara" anyway? Oh well, Paimon doesn't get it.
 It's easier to understand though.
Paimon: It really is more direct and easier to understand!
 Let's focus on the task at hand.
 Let's go together.
Arabalika: Yes. It is dangerous in Vana. Traveling together is safer.
Arabalika: Be careful, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Don't be careless. May Aramuhukunda watch over you.
You follow Arabalika back to the "rest stop"...
(Teleport to the "rest stop")
 Maybe he's like this to everyone.
Paimon: How's this possible? How can he look so cute but have such a horrible temper...
 Maybe you didn't leave a good first impression, Paimon.
Paimon: But Paimon doesn't think she did anything wrong... Urgh... Aranara have such strange tempers...
 Most people who say that are...
 Paimon won't be able to learn it.
Paimon: Paimon can if Paimon tries!
 Most people who say that are...
Paimon: Should Paimon ask Arabalika to teach Paimon after we eat and rest in a safe place?
 Paimon, you should be stricter on yourself and not to others.
 Quest DescriptionInarticulate Arabalika is exploring the Ruins of Dahri, where "Big Iron Chunks" abound, alone. Though he is a master of Ararakalari, it may be better to check in on him...
 Ruin Guards are here to do their job too, you know.
 Step DescriptionArabalika doesn't seem to need any help. That being said, it would not hurt to leave a competent impression.
 Step DescriptionAs Arabalika said, the "branch" is deep underground like roots.
 You're just too careless, Paimon.
Arabalika:  Take this!
Arabalika: A Nara... and something that flies?
Arabalika: And the roots are underground.
Arabalika: Arabalika doesn't think as much as Arapandu. Arabalika only knows that he must become strong to protect Aranara and Vana.
Arabalika: Arabalika has not been here for a long time. Everything has changed. Maybe there are also Big Iron Chunks under the ground. Arabalika smells iron. Bad smell. Be careful.
Arabalika: Arabalika never met Nara Varuna, but (her/his) story is remembered by Vana.
Arabalika: Arabalika no longer needed here. Arabalika will return to the "rest stop" to look for Arapandu. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, will you return with Arabalika?
Arabalika: Arabalika told you so. Paimon is careless. Will get in trouble.
Arabalika: Arabalika will teach it sense.
Arabalika: Arabalika won't go.
Arabalika: Aradasha's Ararakalari was very powerful in the past.
Arabalika: Aranara can dig into the soil, but not water.
Arabalika: Arapandu must know. It has been so many years since then. Enough time for a small seed to grow into a towering tree. Nara who leave Vana will never return.
Arabalika: Arapandu once protected Vana with Nara Varuna. They drove away the unknown black mud. Healed the Varuna Contraption.
Arabalika: Arapandu thinks a lot. Arabalika doesn't think much. Arabalika only knows how to protect.
Arabalika: Be careful, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Don't be careless. May Aramuhukunda watch over you.
Arabalika: But Arapandu wants to heal the Varuna Contraption again. For Vana. For Festival Utsava. For Nara Varuna.
Arabalika: But there should still be mushrooms. Be careful, Paimon. You might get eaten by them. Like Aranakula.
Arabalika: Careless Paimon. Vana is dangerous now. You will get in trouble.
Arabalika: Golden Nara has Arapandu's scent.
Arabalika: Golden Nara, show Arabalika your skills.
Arabalika: Hah!
Arabalika: Hmph.
Arabalika: Hmph. Arabalika admits you have some skills.
Arabalika: It has been a long time since Nara Varuna left Vana. Maybe (she/he) won't come to Festival Utsava anymore.
Arabalika: Let's go down.
Arabalika: Nara (Traveler) and Paimon are outsiders to Vana. Not Arabalika. The Huge Iron Chunk is making no sense.
Arabalika: Nara (Traveler) is strong. No need to fear. But Paimon is like Aranakula. Weak. Be careful. Mushroom might eat you.
Arabalika: Nara Varuna is no longer here, but Aranara can still heal the Varuna Contraption.
Arabalika: No malice. If you wanted to harm Arabalika, you would have attacked when the Big Iron Chunk was still moving.
Arabalika: Not bad, but it's not over yet. Follow Arabalika.
Arabalika: Now? Aradasha is not in the "now." That's why Arabalika must train even harder. Train Ararakalari.
Arabalika: Oh? Then Arabalika wants to see how strong Nara is!
(Arabalika jumps and disappears into the ground)
Arabalika: Only Aranara can awaken the stone here. Leave the rest to Arabalika, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Arabalika: Paimon can fly. What is Paimon scared of?
Arabalika: Paimon knows about Ararakalari?
Arabalika: Paimon knows too little about Aranara. Aradasha would defeat a Big Iron Chunk before you could blink.
Arabalika: Paimon loves to dream. A good thing? A bad thing? Can't tell. But we need to look for a stone device. Make water go away. We cannot go underground otherwise.
Arabalika: Paimon, be careful! Huge Iron Chunk is very strong! Nara (Traveler), help Arabalika defeat it!
Arabalika: Smells of too much iron. Not good.
Arabalika: Something is wrong with the smell of iron. Nara (Traveler), Arabalika will leave this to you. Will wait here.
Arabalika: The Stone and Iron Chunks here do not belong to Aranara. To go down, we must defeat Iron Chunks. Iron Chunks are very strong. But Golden Nara is also not weak.
Arabalika: The Varuna Contraption gets power from the root system spread throughout Vana.
Arabalika: The Varuna Contraption will purify rainwater. There will not be black rain or so many spores.
Arabalika: There were a lot of bad guys at the Yasna Monument, but Aranakula has returned. Good.
Arabalika: We aren't there yet. Much deeper. Keep going.
Arabalika: We can prepare to go underground now. Follow me.
Arabalika: We need to make three other rocks face it.
Arabalika: We've defeated the Big Iron Chunk. Follow the water. We will go under the ground.
Arabalika: What branch? What leaves? They are more like roots.
Arabalika: Why not? If Arabalika was your enemy, attacking from both sides is a good tactic. Even animals do it when hunting.
Arabalika: Worrying too much won't do any good. The Golden Nara is strong and knocked down that Big Iron Chunk like a great wind blowing over rotten wood.
Arabalika: Yes. Almost there. Can Golden Nara keep up?
Arabalika: Yes. It is dangerous in Vana. Traveling together is safer.
Arakunti: Aranakula knows how to hide. The bad mushrooms definitely won't find him. Why is Arapandu worried?
Aranakula: Once the Varuna Contraption is healed, the nursery flowers can be brought back. Aranara won't forget.
Aranakula: The Golden Nara evaded the bad guys with Aranakula and cleared the Memory of Stone up...
Arapandu: All that's left now is Arakunti in the Grove of Dreams. When Arakunti returns, we can go get rid of the bad bugs gnawing at the roots of the Varuna Contraption...
Arapandu: Arabalika is doing fine, but Arabalika is still worried about Aranakula at the Yasna Monument and Arakunti in the Grove of Dreams.
Arapandu: Aranakula is at the Yasna Monument. There's so many bad mushrooms there, Arapandu's worried... Arabalika...
Arapandu: Aranakula... There are too many bad mushrooms, if Aranakula was caught once again...
Arapandu: We just need to heal the Varuna Contraption...
Paimon: (Traveler), let's follow him!
Paimon: ...Anyway! We definitely won't "hit an Aranara when they're down"!
Paimon: ...Y—Yeah, of course Paimon knows! It's... It's that thing! That really, really powerful... ability!
Paimon: Alright, alright... Paimon's got it...
Paimon: Anyway, (Traveler), let's start looking around here for the three scattered leaves.
Paimon: Anyway, since the stone branch is here, now we need to...
Paimon: But Paimon doesn't think she did anything wrong... Urgh... Aranara have such strange tempers...
Paimon: He praised us! Hehe.
Paimon: Heh! Of course we can! Right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hehe, and Paimon would protect (Traveler) instead!
Paimon: Hehehe! So, it's just a bunch of rusty Iron Chunks, eh?
Paimon: Hmm... You have a point.
Paimon: How's this possible? How can he look so cute but have such a horrible temper...
Paimon: Huh!? Why did he burrow underground... Oh! Could he have already gone to the Ruin Guard?
Paimon: Huh? What is Arabalika doing? Is this some sort of Aranara dance?
Paimon: H—He took the words out of Paimon's mouth...
Paimon: In the past? What about now?
Paimon: Is that true? Well... If Paimon's as strict as Arabalika, will Paimon be as strong as him?
Paimon: It really is more direct and easier to understand!
Paimon: Leave it to Paimon! You can leave everything to Paimon!
Paimon: Mm... Arabalika is so strict.
Paimon: Of course! (Traveler) has defeated countless Big Iron Chunks already.
Paimon: Of course! Tomorrow... No, starting from now!
Paimon: Oh right, Arapandu said that Arabalika's Ararakalari is very powerful. He must have used his Ararakalari to defeat that Ruin Guard earlier!
Paimon: Oh! Arabalika is already waiting for us over there. He's so quick...
Paimon: Oh, well, Arapandu did actually ask us to come...
Paimon: Oh... That kinda makes sense...
Paimon: Okay, (Traveler), let's have a look around!
Paimon: Okay, let's follow Arabalika quickly.
Paimon: Okay, then Paimon'll have strict requirements for herself... starting tomorrow!
Paimon: Ooh, yeah, that sure would've been what they call "hitting an Aranara when they're down"... Wait. Hold on, we wouldn't do anything like that.
Paimon: Ooooh!
Paimon: Paimon can if Paimon tries!
Paimon: Paimon didn't expect it to be so deep. No wonder Arabalika said it was like a root.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't know what you sensed, Arabalika... But oh well. Paimon's sure you know more about the forest than us!
Paimon: Paimon gets it...
Paimon: Paimon wishes she could learn how to use Ararakalari too...
Paimon: Phew... That was scary! It's a good thing that Arabalika helped out.
Paimon: Really? Is that true? But Arapandu said...
Paimon: Should Paimon ask Arabalika to teach Paimon after we eat and rest in a safe place?
Paimon: Speaking of which, Arabalika doesn't talk like the other Aranara. He doesn't use metaphors at all.
Paimon: The Ruins of Dahri Arapandu spoke of should be around here. Arabalika should also be nearby, so let's take a look.
Paimon: They seem... they seem broken! They aren't moving at all! Whew. Th—That really gave Paimon a fright back there.
Paimon: This is a super deep hole! Is it really to go down like this?
Paimon: Uhh... Why does he seem dissatisfied...
Paimon: Urgh... Anyone would look weak compared to you, okay? We met many Aranara before, but Paimon doesn't think any of them can defeat a Ruin Guard with one blow...
Paimon: Wait... Is this Arabalika's Ararakalari? It's so powerful!
Paimon: We need to go even deeper?!
Paimon: We're back! Huh?
Paimon: We're one step closer to healing the Varuna Contraption! Once it is healed, there won't be so many spores in Apam Woods anymore... Just thinking about it makes Paimon's nose itch...
Paimon: Well, what would be "more like an Aranara" anyway? Oh well, Paimon doesn't get it.
Paimon: Whoa! Why are there so many Ruin Guards here?
Paimon: Whoa! Why did it start moving?!
Paimon: Woah! He dug a hole in the soil again. Let's follow him.
Paimon: Woah! Paimon feels like he's looking down on Paimon again...
Paimon: Woah... Um, Paimon will become more sensible in the future!
Paimon: Wow! Paimon didn't expect Arabalika to be so strong...
Paimon: Wow! The water really is draining away!
Paimon: Wow... Paimon can't catch any of their moves at all.
Paimon: Yeah, Paimon's Paimon, and Paimon can fly. Oh, and (he's/she's) (Traveler).
Paimon: Yeah, guards should be guarding something against trespassers. After all, we're outsiders to them.
Paimon: Yeah... We're here to help heal the Varuna Contraption! We should be able to find a branch and some leaves here too, right? Why doesn't Paimon see them?
Paimon: Yes, that's right! Aranara are our friends! We won't hurt our friends!
Paimon: Yes... Paimon'll be careful!
Paimon: You must be Arabalika. Speaking of which, you don't seem afraid of us at all.
Paimon: You're right... Paimon's just worried about (Traveler). Remember to use the wind glider!
Paimon: Yup! We'll help out too!
You follow Arabalika back to the "rest stop"...