 ...Someone who wants to join?
 Ah, so this is what you meant by...
 And in the end, you didn't get anyone to join.
 Are you alright?
 Are you always recruiting people here?
 Calm down, get some water.
 Don't you usually do the demonstrations?
Atiyah: Oh, come on, do I look like I had time to demonstrate between my job and looking out for these kids?
Atiyah: I'm counting on you, Traveler.
 I can go with you, no problem.
 I don't remember agreeing to this...
 I really do have my hands full with Adventurers' Guild business.
 I think they're pretty different.
 I'm already in the Adventurers' Guild.
 I've already got a ton of commissions on my plate.
 In that case, have you managed to find anyone who's on board?
 Not at the moment.
 Quest DescriptionIn Aaru Village, it seems that a member of The Eremites is recruiting...
 So you're counting me in now?
 Uh...
 Wait, I'm involved in this now?
Atiyah: ...I haven't had the chance to do any demonstrations before. I couldn't just run around doing those and leave these kids here by themselves. That would be too dangerous... Anyway, thanks for your help, Traveler.
 We're going out with two kids in tow...
 Well, that's many years of training for you.
 What about your job, then?
 You two are still young.
 You're really taking them outside the village?
 You've had some practice with this pitch, huh?
Atiyah: *cough* Anyway, our Traveler here's a very capable adventurer. I had to do a lot to get (him/her) to come and give you a demonstration.
Atiyah: *cough* Hey now, didn't they ever tell you not to harp on a man's private woes?
Atiyah: *cough* Sorry, sorry, I spoke too quickly there.
Atiyah: *sigh* Now, how am I going to explain this to the rest of the Eremites when I go back for a debriefing...
Atiyah: *sigh* Well, I guess I can just tell you. We've got people, that's for sure, but our line of work is very dangerous. Things like escorting people are on the easier side — it's just tiring at most.
Atiyah: ...
Atiyah: ...I haven't had the chance to do any demonstrations before. I couldn't just run around doing those and leave these kids here by themselves. That would be too dangerous... Anyway, thanks for your help, Traveler.
Atiyah: ...Kidding, kidding. I know you said you didn't want to join, and I won't force you. I'd just... y'know, like some company while I have a little walk.
Atiyah: Actually, I should correct myself. It's more that the people I'd love to have join don't want to, and that I wouldn't take those who want to join.
Atiyah: After coming back from these missions, most of our members have to take at least ten days to half a month off... So we always need people to fill in those gaps.
Atiyah: Ahem! Alright then, Ayten. As a member of the Eremites, I will conduct the test once again!
Atiyah: Alright, Ayten, stop pouting. If we get the chance, I'll bring you to go get some pointers from Dehya! How does that sound?
Atiyah: Alright, if you say so...
Atiyah: And hasn't he said before that he'd like to go out and find work? If that's what he really wants, who better to recommend work than an old friend, eh?
Atiyah: And if you join up with us, you'll get the chance to fleece those tree-dwellers of their fat wallets. The Akademiya's researchers are a rich lot, and they're not ones to default on their payments either!
Atiyah: And if you're lucky, you might even get to meet Dehya, the Flame-Mane! Now I... *cough*
Atiyah: And whatever happens, the two of us will be there!
Atiyah: Better watch carefully now.
Atiyah: But before we begin the test, let's have this traveler show us the expected standards.
Atiyah: But if your work involves researchers, then it's like putting your head on the block. You'll be blessed to come back in one piece...
Atiyah: But remember not to run around aimlessly when you're outside the village. Stick with me and the Traveler at all times.
Atiyah: Chin up, Karima! You'll become strong eventually — but you've got to take it all one day at a time.
Atiyah: Come on now, brother...
Atiyah: Don't insist on pushing through every dangerous situation you get in. If you must retreat, retreat decisively!
Atiyah: Eh? You're with the Adventurers' Guild? I mean... That's no obstacle, is it? C'mon, everyone's got a side hustle nowadays — and it's not like adventurers and mercenaries are really that different, you get what I mean?
Atiyah: Good afternoon, Sania! What are you buying?
Atiyah: Good. Let's move on to the next step... It's time for some live combat demonstration.
Atiyah: Hahaha! Good, good, that's the spirit!
Atiyah: Hahaha! That's alright! You have a sword and a bow, and your boundless courage. That's all anyone really needs to begin their adventures.
Atiyah: Hahaha! That's the spirit!
Atiyah: Heh, well, there's no way I can win an argument with Fodil, I guess.
Atiyah: Hehe, persistence is one of our virtues, you know.
Atiyah: Hehe, thanks a lot. Let me see... Let's go look for Sania first. She's usually free in the day, but at night... Well, she's usually busy having important discussions with Jabari.
Atiyah: Here's a little something for you, by the way. Thanks for coming all the way out here with me.
Atiyah: Here's our starting point. Now then, please demonstrate.
Atiyah: I haven't had anyone listen to my pitch for a while now, so I got a little excited there...
Atiyah: I know that some of us can be a bit... reckless, but most of us are perfectly law-abiding citizens!
Atiyah: I know, chief.
Atiyah: I'm counting on you, Traveler.
Atiyah: If you don't believe me, why don't we take a quick walk about together? Who knows, you might just be convinced by the time we're done.
Atiyah: Join the Eremites and embrace a wonderful new life! Come, friend, would you like to hear about the Eremites?
Atiyah: Lots of young men and women have left the village to see the outside world after hearing what I had to say... even if they didn't really want to join us.
Atiyah: Next up on my list of people to meet is Fodil. He was one of us once... but he quit.
Atiyah: No matter whether you're a mercenary or a guard, you will always wind up coming across situations in which retreat is the best option.
Atiyah: Oh, come on, do I look like I had time to demonstrate between my job and looking out for these kids?
Atiyah: Oh, come on, just listen up a bit. The Eremites is a good community to be a part of! We're free! We're united! Friendly, too!
Atiyah: Oh, come on, we're already here. You know, "in for one Mora, in for a thousand" and such! I'll make sure to pay you according to the Guild's regulations!
Atiyah: Oh, don't you worry. I've scouted that area beforehand. There's just a bunch of sickly scorpions out there. They barely retain any offensive capabilities, so we should be alright.
Atiyah: Phew... Well, alright then. You see, traveler? This is what work looks like for me every day.
Atiyah: Right, alright, Fodil. You sure you're not considering coming back at all?
Atiyah: So yeah, we need to get some new people, or we're going to buckle under the load.
Atiyah: Still, are you really not even going to consider joining us?
Atiyah: Sumeru's a big place with lots of researchers, so we've got new work coming in every day. We're basically working round the clock at this point.
Atiyah: Sure would be nice if I could convince him to make a bit of a comeback...
Atiyah: Thank you, Traveler. Now, let us quickly demonstrate... How to make a swift retreat!
Atiyah: That means you especially, Ayten.
Atiyah: That so? Ah, yes... yes. Let's go back to the village first, and then we'll do the test there.
Atiyah: These scorpions are still here... Just as I thought.
Atiyah: Very good! You were quick... and more importantly, very steady.
Atiyah: Watch and learn, kids.
Atiyah: We Eremites don't lie, kiddo.
Atiyah: We can talk about work later... and it's not as if my advertising has had no effect at all.
Atiyah: Well, buckle up, kids. We're heading off!
Atiyah: Well, let's hit 'em hard, Traveler. Watch and learn, kids!
Atiyah: Well, that's a shame. With his culinary skills, Jabari'd do really well with us, and your family's financial standing would be improved greatly, too.
Atiyah: Well, we can talk about that later. I have to bring these kids back to the village now. Their parents are probably at least a bit worried now that they've been out so long.
Atiyah: Well, we've got good food here too! Meat and fish are regulars on the menu!
Atiyah: What's next? Right, right, let's rest a bit. I gotta say, my throat's getting tired after all that.
Atiyah: When that happens, we often live by the principle that the quicker we can get away, the better.
Atiyah: Why, if it isn't Ayten. Did you tell your mother you were coming here?
Atiyah: Yes. I mean, it is my job, after all. Nowadays, able hands are in short supply everywhere — and nowhere is that shortage more acute than in the mercenary industry.
Atiyah: You mean here in this village? Hahaha... Nope. Not a one.
Atiyah: You too, Ayten. If you keep training hard like this, it's only a matter of time before we'll let you in.
Ayten: ...Anyway, I've been following the training plan you gave me...
Ayten: Alright!
Ayten: Alright! C'mon, Karima, you join in too. Let's do this together!
Ayten: Hey, Uncle Atiyah! You still asking people to join the Eremites?
Ayten: I did! She's working, so I went to go play with Karima.
Ayten: I know, I know...
Ayten: I've been working out this whole time, and I've even been training with Karima.. She's never gonna catch me again in a race!
Ayten: Ohh, if only I could get Miss Dehya to teach me...
Ayten: Ooh, awesome! My dad carved me a wooden sword that I carry with me. What about you, Karima?
Ayten: Really!? You'd do that?
Ayten: So let me take the test again! Let's see if I'm good enough to join the Eremites!
Ayten: Those scorpions are huge! Uh, should we really get any closer to them?
Ayten: Uh, Uncle Atiyah, you haven't given us our tests yet.
Ayten: Uncle Atiyah, what do you think? About the stuff we talked about last time.
Ayten: Wait, what? When did you...
Ayten: Woohoo!
Ayten: Wow!
Fodil: Alright. If you do leave and need a new line of work, I will help you.
Fodil: Atiyah... Not you again.
Fodil: But ill deeds spread, Atiyah. All it takes is one person to act like the law is merely a suggestion, and everyone else will be affected by them.
Fodil: I'm sure you know what that means better than I do, Atiyah.
Fodil: I've left the organization already. Don't call me that.
Fodil: I've said this before, Atiyah. I'm not going back.
Fodil: It is all too easy to do evil in such an environment.
Fodil: One person influences another, and if that group keeps acting a certain way, they will influence yet more people...
Fodil: Perhaps from your perspective, the Eremites are not an evil organization even if they're not exactly honorable... But you can't always live in shades of gray.
Fodil: Perhaps not all the Eremites are a lawless lot, and not every Eremite enjoys kicking those who have already gone down...
Fodil: The things you speak of, I've already confirmed them with my own two eyes.
Fodil: This is just a word of advice. You may do with it as you will.
Fodil: Well, then you should know that sticking to principles is mine.
Fodil: You wish for me to return... just as I wish for you to leave.
Karima: An adventurer, huh? As in, someone from the Adventurers' Guild?
Karima: But I don't wanna join the Eremites... I just want to stay here in the village and protect everyone...
Karima: But it would be nice to get Uncle Atiyah to test my skills. I mean, I did ask Miss Candace for advice on how to train before!
Karima: But you... you defeated them so easily...
Karima: But... Miss Candace said I'd improved...
Karima: Hello, Uncle Atiyah!
Karima: I do have a small bow, though my mother only gave me arrows without tips...
Karima: I must admit... I'm a bit nervous.
Karima: I shot them with my bow, but they didn't even flinch...
Karima: That one time doesn't count! It was because I didn't eat enough for lunch that day!
Karima: The next time I see Miss Candace, I'll get her to teach me more!
Karima: You're... so fast...
Paimon: Basically, we just need to get over there as quickly as possible, right?
Paimon: Honestly, Paimon's surprised by how easy that is...
Sania: Don't take anything he says seriously. He'll tell you that one day, and change his mind the next.
Sania: How worrying...
Sania: I've told you many times before, Atiyah, Jabari isn't interested in joining you, nor do I want him to go become a mercenary. I'm not going to help you convince him.
Sania: In the end, he just can't bear to leave me here alone in the village... and I couldn't bear to see him slogging away by himself, either.
Sania: Let's just leave this topic be. I've got things to buy — go bother someone else.
Sania: What's more, you're asking that he risk his neck out there as a mercenary! Even if he wanted to go, I'd stop him for sure.