
(Quest ends)

???: Oh! Hello there! Judging from your attire, I take it you're not from around here? We don't get a lot of other outsiders here, I clocked you as being from somewhere else the moment I laid eyes on you.
???: *sigh* Making a living here is tough for outsiders.
Paimon: From what you're saying... You're also from somewhere else, aren't you?
Bonifaz: You can tell? My name's Bonifaz. My associate and I traveled to Sumeru City from Mondstadt to trade in some supplies. We're in the desert on the request of a researcher from the Akademiya.
Paimon: You came to the desert from Mondstadt to do business...?

Bonifaz: That's right! Though that doesn't mean every Mondstadter is a lush. I hear that the one over at Dawn Winery isn't actually so fond of drinking... How can I put this? Everyone is free to drink or not drink.

Bonifaz: That's what I've been worrying about! And that's why I decided to post a commission with the Adventurers' Guild — and well, here you are.
Bonifaz: But the desert is very dangerous, and you two seem so... young. Are you sure you can handle a place like this desert?

Bonifaz: That's what I've been worrying about! That's why I was thinking about posting a commission with the Adventurers' Guild, but as they say, what good's a distant well when you're already parched...
Paimon: Oh? Well, isn't this a coincidence!
 We're licensed adventurers.
 "Ad astra abyssosque..."
Bonifaz: So, you're young adventurers! But the desert is still a dangerous place. Wouldn't it be better for locals or adventurers with more experience to do this...

Bonifaz: Yes! Though that doesn't mean every Mondstadter is a lush. I hear that the fellow over at Dawn Winery isn't actually so fond of drinking... How should I put this? Everyone is free to drink or not drink.

Paimon: Excuse me, are you Bonifaz? We're with the Adventurers' Guild...
Bonifaz: Oh! Hello there! But looking at your attire, you aren't locals, are you? I was under the impression that the Adventurers' Guild would send local adventurers who might be better apprised of the situation.
Bonifaz: *sigh* That said, I'm not from around here either. Making a living here is tough for outsiders.
Bonifaz: My associate and I are both Mondstadters. We originally traveled to Sumeru City to trade in supplies, and only came here at the request of a researcher from the Akademiya.
Paimon: You came all the way from Mondstadt to the desert to do business...?

Paimon: Hm... What do you think we should do, (Traveler)?

Paimon: Hmm... What do you think, (Traveler)?

Paimon: Paimon gets it... But you just said that it's hard for outsiders to make a living here, right? Did something happen?

Paimon: So that's how it is... Still, could you tell us more about the commission you posted at the Adventurers' Guild?

Paimon: Uh... It's not like we're always doing over-the-top stuff like that... We take ordinary commissions, too!
Bonifaz: You mean you'll take this commission? That's fantastic! I knew heroes had hearts of gold. Of course you wouldn't turn your backs on someone at death's very door!
Paimon: We haven't agreed to anything yet... And anyway, don't just throw "death" around like that, you'll jinx people!
Bonifaz: Ah... Then I'll just have to return to the city alone and submit a commission to the Adventurers' Guild... But by the time someone accepts the commission, those four could already be... Alas...
Paimon: Hmm...
Bonifaz: If you two could take a little time out of your busy schedules to take this commission, I'll definitely come up with some way to make it worth your while! Right, that researcher from the Akademiya is also quite the generous client...
Bonifaz: I can picture it now: Just as they run into some trouble, (Traveler), a true hero, descends from the heavens to save them!

Paimon: Uh... It's not like we're always doing over-the-top stuff like that... We take ordinary commissions, too! Besides, we've already accepted your commission, haven't we?
Bonifaz: Well, that's great! Right, as for your payment... I'll definitely think of something! That researcher from the Akademiya has also been quite generous...
Bonifaz: I can picture it now: just as they run into some trouble, (Traveler), a true hero, descends from the heavens to save them!
 "Ad astra abyssosque..."
 "Go with the wind"!
 At least we'll be able to see the sky.
 Does the actual Cyrus know about this?
 Don't bully Paimon.
 Everyone has their own special talents. There's no need to force it.
Paimon: That's right! Don't get bogged down with whether you can fly or not, Jeht. You should work towards something else! Like, a race with a Rishboland Tiger or something, hee-hee.
 Freedom.
Bonifaz: That's right! What we Mondstadters value most of all is freedom.
 I don't get it either...
Paimon: Right? So that makes two of us!
 I think Paimon's cute, too.
Paimon: Now isn't the time for this, (Traveler).
Jeht: The way I see it, Paimon doesn't get it, but (Traveler) does.
 I'm really worried about Cyrus.
Jeht: Who's Cyrus? Do we have someone on our team named Cyrus?
 I'm worried about Nachtigal.
Paimon: Paimon wonders if he was the one who was taking a break...
 If Paimon's willing...
Paimon: How could you say that? Of course Paimon would never leave your side!
 If they're in danger, we have to help them.
 If you practice hard enough, maybe a miracle will happen.
Paimon: You can't just wake up one morning to find yourself floating!
 It looks like some sort of device.
 It's also good to see everything with your own eyes.
Paimon: That's right! Paimon might not really get super difficult research, but... there's so much stuff in big ruins like these! If you take a good look around, there's got to be something you can write about, right?
 Jeht's a strange one.
Paimon: To be honest, Paimon kind of admires her in a way...
 Jeht's amazing.
Paimon: She is amazing, in a weird sort of way.
 My backpack's pretty big.
Paimon: It can fit carrots and cabbages, so one more little stone slate shouldn't be a problem, right?
 Now's not the time for bickering. Let's focus on getting out of here first.
 Paimon is my companion.
Paimon: That's right! Paimon won't leave (Traveler)'s side.
 Quest DescriptionIn Aaru Village, there is a merchant from Mondstadt who needs help from adventurers.
 Step DescriptionAccording to what Jeht said, there may be a clue in the ruins that will get everyone out of this mess. Explore with caution.
 Step DescriptionIt's been some time since Nachtigal set out for the desert with a group of Akademiya researchers, and no Dusk Bird has been sent with a report. Are they in trouble? Maybe you can find them by following the tracks of the caravan.
 Step DescriptionLooks like they're the ones Bonifaz was looking for. Return with Jeht and explain the situation to the others.
 Step DescriptionThe closed doors inside the ruins appear to be connected. Nachtigal has also joined you with the Sumpter Beasts from the other side of the newly opened passage. You can already feel the fresh, dry wind blowing in. There should be an exit nearby.
 Step DescriptionThe footprints have led to a huge sinkhole. Look for clues about the group of researchers below the sinkhole.
 Step DescriptionThere seems to be people down in the pit. Could they be the ones Bonifaz is looking for? If not, at least they might have useful information...
 Step DescriptionYou don't know what Benben did with the Scarlet Sand Slate, but it looks like Tirzad's research has been saved...? Tirzad, who styles himself an Indoorsology researcher, is very concerned about the Stone Slate. So you decide to keep it for him.
 Step DescriptionYou find a strange machine, and it doesn't seem hostile. For some reason Jeht likes it so much that she calls it "Benben"... Anyway, bring it back and show it to Tirzad!
 That's a free Mondstadter for you.
 The stone slate isn't heavy either.
Paimon: Paimon guesses so...
 There will at least be treasure chests, for sure.
Paimon: Although those might not be much use to Tirzad...
 This is the "material that no one has worked on before."
 Time's a-wastin'.
 We can't just wait here.
 We have a wind glider.
 We'll do it for the Mora.
 We're licensed adventurers.
 You drink like fish.
(If the player received the commission from Katheryne)

Bonifaz: Yes! Though that doesn't mean every Mondstadter is a lush. I hear that the fellow over at Dawn Winery isn't actually so fond of drinking... How should I put this? Everyone is free to drink or not drink.
(If the player did not receive the commission from Katheryne)

Bonifaz: That's right! Though that doesn't mean every Mondstadter is a lush. I hear that the one over at Dawn Winery isn't actually so fond of drinking... How can I put this? Everyone is free to drink or not drink.
Bonifaz: Right — what I meant to say was that what we Mondstadters value most is freedom.
???: (Gotta find a way out soon.)
???: (There is a door, but how do I get it open?)
???: (Ugh, it feels so bad...)
???: (Um... I feel sick...)
???: (Why haven't I heard a word from them yet?)
???: *sigh* Making a living here is tough for outsiders.
???: *whimper*
???: Beep-beep!
???: Beep-beep, beep.
???: Beep-boop. Beep.
???: Beep-boop?
???: Beep... Bee-eep!
???: Beep... Beep?
???: Beep...!!
???: Beep?
???: Did you guys... also fall down here?
???: If there's nothing else, leave as soon as possible.
???: J—Jebrael, you useless dolt! How long have we been going? You know... only to get stuck...
???: Oh! Hello there! Judging from your attire, I take it you're not from around here? We don't get a lot of other outsiders here, I clocked you as being from somewhere else the moment I laid eyes on you.
???: Oh? Are you the newly fallen?
???: Oh? Do you have a way out?
???: The desert's no place for outsiders. If you have a way back, I suggest you take it as soon as possible.
???: Th—Think you can mess with me and scam me?! *hic*
???: Ugh... If it wasn't for this busted stone slate...
???: Uh...
???: Who are you? *hic* Thanks, but I'll pass. I can't manage another sip.
Benben: Bee-eep. Beep!
Benben: Beep beep... Bee-eep.
Benben: Beep-boop... Beep, Bee-eep!
Benben: Beep.
Benben: Beep... Bee-eep.
Benben: Beep... Beep...
Bonifaz: (Finger's crossed that Cyrus's alright.)
Bonifaz: *sigh* That said, I'm not from around here either. Making a living here is tough for outsiders.
Bonifaz: ...Haha, it's fine, just don't tell him! No one will know!
Bonifaz: ...Huh? W—Well...
Bonifaz: Ah... Then I'll just have to return to the city alone and submit a commission to the Adventurers' Guild... But by the time someone accepts the commission, those four could already be... Alas...
Bonifaz: Ahem, anyway, the researcher and the others left the village and headed west. The trails here are a bit hard to make out, but you should be able to find them by following the footprints.
Bonifaz: As for me, I guess I was favored by the Anemo Archon. I didn't stop at Liyue and got blown all the way to Sumeru.
Bonifaz: But the desert is very dangerous, and you two seem so... young. Are you sure you can handle a place like this desert?
Bonifaz: Goodness gracious! Please excuse my rudeness! I never expected to meet a big hero in a place like this! And... And a little hero, too!
Bonifaz: Great, fantastic! There's hope for my Cyrus yet!
Bonifaz: How does that saying go again?
Bonifaz: Huh? Wait. Then you must be... the celebrated (Traveler)...?
Bonifaz: I can picture it now: Just as they run into some trouble, (Traveler), a true hero, descends from the heavens to save them!
Bonifaz: I can picture it now: just as they run into some trouble, (Traveler), a true hero, descends from the heavens to save them!
Bonifaz: I'll leave the rest to you two!
Bonifaz: If you two could take a little time out of your busy schedules to take this commission, I'll definitely come up with some way to make it worth your while! Right, that researcher from the Akademiya is also quite the generous client...
Bonifaz: In addition to providing them with some supplies, my associate and I also rented a few Sumpter Beasts out to them.
Bonifaz: In that case, I have nothing more to say. I just worry that you may have some other important missions at hand, like saving a city or something, and don't have the time for a menial commission like this one...
Bonifaz: My associate and I are both Mondstadters. We originally traveled to Sumeru City to trade in supplies, and only came here at the request of a researcher from the Akademiya.
Bonifaz: Nachtigal doesn't worry me so much, but I do hope Cyrus comes back safe and sound...
Bonifaz: Nachtigal, my associate, was worried that they'd struggle to steer the Sumpter Beasts, so he decided to go with them.
Bonifaz: Of course. Since you managed to make your way to a place as remote as this, you two must have been around the block too, I suppose?
Bonifaz: Oh! Hello there! But looking at your attire, you aren't locals, are you? I was under the impression that the Adventurers' Guild would send local adventurers who might be better apprised of the situation.
Bonifaz: Oh, well, I accepted that Akademiya researcher's commission, didn't I...?
Bonifaz: Right — what I meant to say was that what we Mondstadters value most is freedom.
Bonifaz: So, you're young adventurers! But the desert is still a dangerous place. Wouldn't it be better for locals or adventurers with more experience to do this...
Bonifaz: That should secure you double the payment, right? This deal is a sure bet!
Bonifaz: That's right! Though that doesn't mean every Mondstadter is a lush. I hear that the one over at Dawn Winery isn't actually so fond of drinking... How can I put this? Everyone is free to drink or not drink.
Bonifaz: That's right! What we Mondstadters value most of all is freedom.
Bonifaz: That's what I've been worrying about! And that's why I decided to post a commission with the Adventurers' Guild — and well, here you are.
Bonifaz: That's what I've been worrying about! That's why I was thinking about posting a commission with the Adventurers' Guild, but as they say, what good's a distant well when you're already parched...
Bonifaz: The climate and way of life here might be a far cry from that of Mondstadt, but I'm here, and I intend to make the best of things.
Bonifaz: Tirzad — that's the researcher's name. He took two mercenaries with him to look for some ruins, probably for some archaeological research. I don't really know much about Akademiya stuff.
Bonifaz: We did exchange messages this way at first, but I haven't heard a peep from them for the last two days...
Bonifaz: We originally arranged to use a Dusk Bird to send messages every once in a while, so that I could be informed of their progress or raise supplies to send to them as the situation required.
Bonifaz: Well now! Then speaking of which, you must also know what sets us Mondstadters apart from others.
Bonifaz: Well, that's great! Right, as for your payment... I'll definitely think of something! That researcher from the Akademiya has also been quite generous...
Bonifaz: When the north wind began to blow, some dandelion seeds were blown across the sea to Inazuma, while others were swept away to Liyue.
Bonifaz: Yes! Though that doesn't mean every Mondstadter is a lush. I hear that the fellow over at Dawn Winery isn't actually so fond of drinking... How should I put this? Everyone is free to drink or not drink.
Bonifaz: Yes, Cyrus is the name of one of the Sumpter Beasts I rented to them.
Bonifaz: Yes, right, right! That's the one!
Bonifaz: You can tell? My name's Bonifaz. My associate and I traveled to Sumeru City from Mondstadt to trade in some supplies. We're in the desert on the request of a researcher from the Akademiya.
Bonifaz: You mean you'll take this commission? That's fantastic! I knew heroes had hearts of gold. Of course you wouldn't turn your backs on someone at death's very door!
Everyone rests with Tirzad for a while.
Jebrael: (I might as well take this opportunity to train Jeht.)
Jebrael: (What am I supposed to do with this kid...)
Jebrael: (What will they find this time?)
Jebrael: ...
Jebrael: ...That's all in the past, there's nothing worth talking about.
Jebrael: ...We can't stop just because he keeps dragging his feet.
Jebrael: Don't stick your nose into other people's business... especially when your employer's concerned. I believe I've taught you better than that.
Jebrael: Don't waste your breath on him, Jeht. Just let him stay here if he wants to.
Jebrael: Eh...
Jebrael: Follow the wind and find your way out. But don't let your guard down.
Jebrael: He knows the pros and cons, so naturally, he came along.
Jebrael: He's our employer, so he has the right to decide what he does and doesn't want to do. We just have to do our jobs.
Jebrael: I'll stay behind to keep him safe. Meanwhile, you and Jeht keep looking for an exit.
Jebrael: If this is all you know about King Deshret, then you should have abandoned academia from the very beginning, because it's clear you won't get any results.
Jebrael: It's getting late. There should be an oasis nearby, so let's set up a temporary camp there.
Jebrael: Jeht, mind your own business.
Jebrael: Let's get a move on, enough dawdling.
Jebrael: Since the threat's been eliminated, let's keep moving.
Jebrael: So far, you seem to have very little in the way of professional credentials as a researcher. That much you already admitted yourself.
Jebrael: Stop talking like a child. The Akademiya might control the path to academic publication, but they don't have a monopoly on knowledge itself.
Jebrael: Tirzad's ready to set off now. We should find an exit as soon as possible.
Jebrael: Tirzad, pick the stone slate up and walk towards Benben.
Jebrael: Wait a minute, something doesn't seem right about it.
Jebrael: Watch out!
Jeht explains the situation to the three of them.
Jeht: (How annoying. Father's always keeping people at arm's length.)
Jeht: *sigh* I'm really sorry, Nachtigal. Father had told me after the fact that I shouldn't have shared it with Tirzad.
Jeht: ...
Jeht: ...Speaking of which, father used to live in the desert, but he left the desert with me before I was old enough to remember anything.
Jeht: A small portion of the slate lit up. What does it mean? Do you have any idea, Tirzad?
Jeht: A wind glider! I heard Nachtigal talk about them before. They sound pretty great! To be honest, I'd love to give flying a try too! Wait a minute, now that I think about it, your lil' friend here doesn't seem to even need a wind glider to fly!
Jeht: All right, my renowned lil' friend Paimon, can you teach me? What do I have to do to float freely through the air like you?
Jeht: All right, well, you'll get the chance to show off your skills soon enough! How should we enter the interior of the ruins? This is a researcher's specialty, right?
Jeht: All the more reason to buck up! Since you're researching the same thing, there's a chance for a reunion, isn't there?
Jeht: And even though Tirzad's a useless researcher, he's not actually a bad guy. Right, and you might even be able to save his research, Benben!
Jeht: Are all Mondstadters so paranoid? What do you mean "a while"? It's only been a day...
Jeht: Are you kidding? It's hardly been any time at all and you're already thinking of resting?!
Jeht: As for Paimon... She might act a little superior, but she's a good kid who thinks about her companions. You'll definitely come to like her in time.
Jeht: As for my father, well, he's got a nasty temper — don't take it personally. And as for Tirzad, he's basically been throwing a tantrum since things stopped going smoothly.
Jeht: Bah, that's what you always say. It's not like you have some big secret to hide or something!
Jeht: Benben, it must be boring hanging around here by yourself. Why don't you come with us? Needless to say, (Traveler) is pretty great, too.
Jeht: Besides, didn't we only get stuck in this place because you insisted on coming here? Then you started throwing tantrums after that fall and drank even though you clearly can't hold your liquor...
Jeht: Bonifaz? That merchant from Mondstadt? I know him. So, you want to find the archaeological team, huh? Let me think... Oh, isn't that us? I'm Jeht. Tirzad... sort of hired me.
Jeht: But father, we're all companions here. Doesn't that make it our business?
Jeht: But father...
Jeht: But isn't it great that we don't have to double back to rendezvous? Now we can find the exit together!
Jeht: By the way, have you seen Tirzad and my father?
Jeht: B—But I think they're no longer "other people," are they?
Jeht: Can you teach me, lil' friend? How can I be as footloose and free as you? Er... I mean, as floaty?
Jeht: Can you try talking to it, Paimon? Look, you two are about the same size, so you should be able to talk to each other, right?
Jeht: Come look for my father with us. He may look mean, but actually... Well, he actually is kind of mean. But that's just how he is with outsiders! He's nice once you get to know him!
Jeht: Did you guys just get here? Or do you have another way out? Still, we've searched all over this place, and there doesn't seem to be any way back to the surface.
Jeht: Didn't I just introduce you? This is our new friend, Benben.
Jeht: Don't worry, Paimon. Benben and I are already joined at the hip! Right, Benben?
Jeht: Fate is an unpredictable thing, after all.
Jeht: Father, I brought another new friend back! Look, this is the friend we just met, its name is Benben.
Jeht: Father, I'm back! Oh? Is Nachtigal doing better?
Jeht: Father...
Jeht: Fine! I'll give you all the space you want. Let's go, Benben.
Jeht: Great! It's been a productive day, and I've got a feeling that we'll find a way out in no time! Benben and I will go on ahead. Everyone else can follow us.
Jeht: Haha! No wonder you've struggled so much on this trip! Looks like everyone here is a desert rookie.
Jeht: Haha, I see. As I said before, Nachtigal must be having a tough time, what with the bad fall he took plus the heatstroke.
Jeht: Haha, you never know!
Jeht: Haha, you're funny, Paimon! My father may be a grump, but he'd never do something like that.
Jeht: Heh, looks like we'll just have to find a way to light up the rest of the stone slate. Right, Benben?
Jeht: Hehe, well, let's go back to where my father is. Maybe Tirzad has already woken up.
Jeht: Hey, Tirzad, you're a researcher who specializes in this sort of thing, right? Could you tell us more?
Jeht: Hey, are you done whispering to each other yet?
Jeht: Hey, father, tell us about your life in the desert! Think of it as passing on your experience.
Jeht: Hmm? Looks a lot like the one we just knocked down. Still... it doesn't look like it's going to attack us.
Jeht: How about this? We can go back together and I'll explain everything to my father. You guys don't wanna stay here too long, do you?
Jeht: Huh, you seem pretty used to dodging these devices.
Jeht: Huh? But isn't it just like how Tirzad hired my father and me? And Nachtigal too! Surely I can also hire you as long as I have the Mora to spend?
Jeht: Huh? Why's that?
Jeht: Huh? You gonna reveal some kind of secret? C'mon, I wanna hear it, too!
Jeht: I can feel a breeze... The exit must be close by! Keep looking. We'll be out of here in no time.
Jeht: I didn't expect it to be so full of surprises!
Jeht: I don't know why it's here or what it's used for... But maybe Tirzad will understand if we can get him to take a look at it.
Jeht: I had no idea there'd be a space as big as this inside either! And it looks... really well-preserved, too.
Jeht: I just explored a little bit up ahead and found what looks to be ruins. Maybe there's an exit leading to the surface in there?
Jeht: I knew this path would be safe!
Jeht: I see, so you must've hired Paimon to teach you how to fly, didn't you, (Traveler)? But since you're still using a wind glider, I suppose you haven't trained enough, huh...
Jeht: I was mainly talking about (Traveler), actually. Since you can fly, Paimon, you can just avoid danger with ease.
Jeht: I'm sorry. My father really isn't a bad guy, believe me.
Jeht: If it weren't for that bad fall and the heatstroke that Nachtigal had, we'd also be trying to find a way out.
Jeht: Isn't that amazing news?
Jeht: It doesn't seem to want to do that.
Jeht: It's my job! Heh, I'll show any jerk what happens when they underestimate me.
Jeht: Leave Tirzad to my father, you'll have nothing to worry about. I'll come with you guys!
Jeht: Oh! That does sound like a very researcher-ly thing to say.
Jeht: Oh, Tirzad's awake. Looks like things are going well with father.
Jeht: Oh, that's a shame, then.
Jeht: Oh, you...
Jeht: Oh? I think it's a lot like you, Paimon. You both look really cute!
Jeht: Okay... got it!
Jeht: On second thought, it can float in the air just like Paimon. Does that make them distant relatives?
Jeht: Once you train enough, I'm sure you'll finally be able to fly freely without needing a wind glider!
Jeht: Ooh, Benben! You're amazing, Benben!
Jeht: Paimon floats, but you're a little lower off from the ground, so... I'll call you Benben!
Jeht: Right, Paimon and (Traveler) told me all about what happened! How can you just ignore people, father? Really, when is that temperament of yours ever going to change?
Jeht: Rigor is key to academic research, and you don't want to jump to conclusions, right?
Jeht: So you *are* (Traveler)'s flight teacher, aren't you?
Jeht: So, this is actually my first time going this deep into the desert. I thought it would just be boring sand everywhere...
Jeht: Something... seems off about that place over there. Careful now.
Jeht: Surprise attacks are a dirty trick! But... you don't wanna mess with me either!
Jeht: Tee-hee.
Jeht: That was weird, though. Why'd you have to get so mad at him?
Jeht: That's gotta be it if you're asking me! Let's get over there!
Jeht: That's great! It said yes!
Jeht: That's not fair, Tirzad! Nachtigal and Bonifaz are in the wrong here, but father and I didn't do anything wrong!
Jeht: That's right, the desert is an incredible place. One minute, you're looking at solid ground, the next, you step directly into a trap. And as you can see, we're trapped here now.
Jeht: That's right. See, Tirzad? If you could think as sensibly as Paimon, we wouldn't have gotten ourselves stuck in this situation.
Jeht: The mind of a child, the body of an old man... Geez.
Jeht: The way I see it, Paimon doesn't get it, but (Traveler) does.
Jeht: This should be a piece of cake for you, right, Tirzad?
Jeht: Tirzad!
Jeht: Um... I can't understand the meaning, but I can get... the feeling?
Jeht: We should keep a closer eye on him after this and not let him drink any more. He must not have completely sobered up yet when father made him so mad that all the blood rushed to his head.
Jeht: We'll come back after father and I find a safe path. If he doesn't want to come with us, then he can just wait here!
Jeht: Well, that's Mr. Tirzad for you!
Jeht: Well, yeah, you're round and cute, Paimon, and it seems a little... pokey? But it's still very cute!
Jeht: Well? Wanna come with us, Benben?
Jeht: What is it, Benben? Are you—
Jeht: What now? You mean that researcher actually changed his mind?
Jeht: Who's Cyrus? Do we have someone on our team named Cyrus?
Jeht: You and father are the same age, aren't you, Tirzad? How many times have we stopped to rest so far?
Jeht: You don't have a lot of friends, do you, Tirzad?
Jeht: You like this name, too? That's great!
Jeht: You might have the body of an adult, but you've been acting like a little baby. Haha.
Jeht: You seem like a really good teacher, Paimon! Can I hire you to teach me, too? Hey, (Traveler), how much Mora will I need to hire Paimon?
Jeht: You're not wrong, Paimon! Haha. Sometimes father will have a few glasses as well, but I've never seen him get drunk before.
Jeht: You're way too uptight! You just need an open mind, and you'll be swimming in friends in no time. Isn't that right, Benben?
Jeht: You... Hmm? What should I call you anyhow?
Katheryne: (Traveler), Paimon, it's good to see you! I've got an urgent commission I'd like to give you two.
Katheryne: He's hoping that a highly experienced adventurer can take this commission and confirm the status of his associate and the Sumpter Beasts.
Katheryne: The commissioner is a Mondstadt merchant who is currently in Aaru Village. According to him, his associate and the Sumpter Beasts they leased out to an Akademiya researcher have been missing in the desert for a while now...
Katheryne: The commissioner is named Bonifaz, and he's still in Aaru Village now. He can fill you in on the specifics. Safe travels, you two.
Katheryne: You're both highly experienced adventurers, so a commission like this should be a cinch for you, I hope?
Mirsad: (That's... quite an adventure, actually.)
Mirsad: I thought it'd be a short and even bland trip into the desert. But we instead got ourselves into something so crazy. It was a little scary, but I can't say I dislike it.
Nachtigal: ...
Nachtigal: Heh, you've got a point.
Nachtigal: I'll wait here for now — I doubt the road ahead will be suitable for the Sumpter Beasts. Good luck.
Nachtigal: I've kept quiet up until now, but Bonifaz and I are not crooks. What shady businessmen would offer such comprehensive after-sales care?
Nachtigal: It's a good thing nothing happened to Cyrus, or Bonifaz would be a weeping wreck.
Nachtigal: Mr. Tirzad, was the price not already agreed upon after our discussion? You even confirmed it yourself, so why are you telling a different story now?
Nachtigal: There you are. When the door on the other side suddenly opened, I knew you'd found an exit. I brought Cyrus and the others over.
Nachtigal: Think about it, Mr. Tirzad, we could have simply received our payment and left it at that. But instead, we let ourselves end up in the same boat as you!
Nachtigal: Well, everything worked out fine in the end. We've reunited, haven't we? That's enough. By the way, we've got a new member here? That's great!
Nachtigal: Well...
Omid: (Aw, just my luck...)
Omid: I just wanted to make some easy Mora so that I could start a business, but the job almost cost me my life...
Paimon: (Could this be Nachtigal, the associate that Bonifaz was telling us about?)
Paimon: (He's dressed like an Akademiya researcher, but why does he reek of booze...?)
Paimon: (Is this the double payment Bonifaz mentioned...? What should we do, (Traveler)?)
Paimon: (Looks like talking to us is the last thing he wants to do... Let's try someone else.)
Paimon: (Oh? He doesn't seem well. Paimon thinks he's resting... Let's not disturb him...).
Paimon: (Whoa, Paimon thinks he's drunk! There's no way we can talk with him now. Let's go ask someone else.)
Paimon: ..."Cyrus"?
Paimon: ...Although it's certain to be nothing but sand for miles around out there.
Paimon: ...Come on, it's actually "let the wind lead"!
Paimon: ...D—Don't get mad at Paimon. Paimon's only telling it like it is!
Paimon: A researcher and a merchant caravan should have made for loads of people. These trails must've been left by them.
Paimon: Ah, that one over there! Let's go over and ask her!
Paimon: Ah, the open sky! And the familiar dust...
Paimon: Ah, there he goes...
Paimon: Although those might not be much use to Tirzad...
Paimon: And (Traveler) here is just as famous as Paimon!
Paimon: And now there goes Jeht... What should we do?
Paimon: Anyway, let's follow it and see what we find.
Paimon: Are you underestimating us? Hmph! You've left Mondstadt, so maybe you're out of the loop...
Paimon: Because... Because, um, we often make surprising discoveries while exploring ruins like these! Right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Bonifaz said that we just need to follow the tracks to find them... But these footprints are a mess!
Paimon: But it looks like a really long way down...
Paimon: But it's better to be cautious at times like this!
Paimon: But you should know that (Traveler) isn't just any ordinary adventurer. (He's/She's) an Honorary Knight of the Knights of Favonius!
Paimon: But you're a researcher, aren't you? Shouldn't you be thrilled to have ruins to investigate?
Paimon: But you're still rip-roaring drunk... Why don't you stay here and sleep it off first?
Paimon: Eek! Gah, you scared Paimon!
Paimon: Eh? Can you understand it, Jeht?
Paimon: Excuse me, are you Bonifaz? We're with the Adventurers' Guild...
Paimon: Fine, we'll take care of it for you for the time being.
Paimon: From what you're saying... You're also from somewhere else, aren't you?
Paimon: He said that he hadn't gotten any word from you guys in a while, and he was worried that something might have happened to you, so he asked us to come and check things out.
Paimon: Hehe. They're easy pickings for us!
Paimon: Hello, we're...
Paimon: Hello?
Paimon: Hm... Maybe we should go down and have a look. Be careful, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Hm... What do you think we should do, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hmm...
Paimon: Hmm... They seem like the ones we're looking for, but...
Paimon: Hmm... What do you think, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hmm? Is that the exit? Paimon can feel a little breeze coming from that end.
Paimon: How could you say that? Of course Paimon would never leave your side!
Paimon: How do those two even communicate...
Paimon: How familiar!
Paimon: How is Paimon supposed to talk to it?! Oh! You're messing with Paimon on purpose, aren't you?
Paimon: Huh? "Cyrus"? But isn't that...
Paimon: Huh? But we can't just leave him here either...
Paimon: Huh? Isn't it really important?
Paimon: Huh? So it was your idea, then why have you been dragging your feet this whole time?
Paimon: Huh? We accepted Bonifaz's commission to come look for Tirzad's archaeological team...
Paimon: Huh? What do you mean "newly fallen"?
Paimon: If we didn't know the truth, Paimon would think that Jebrael must've kidnapped you to get some legendary treasure in the ruins or something.
Paimon: Is he still drunk...?
Paimon: Is something wrong with Tirzad? Let's go ask him.
Paimon: It can fit carrots and cabbages, so one more little stone slate shouldn't be a problem, right?
Paimon: Jebrael might be a man of few words, but Paimon thinks he's very reliable. Could you be overthinking this, Tirzad...?
Paimon: Jeht and Benben sure have hit it off. That's... good, right?
Paimon: Jeht and the others must have gone in this direction, let's hurry that way.
Paimon: Jeht, Jebrael, and Nachtigal only came because you hired them, right?
Paimon: Jeht, that's enough. Tirzad looks like he might faint from rage! Now isn't the time to fight. What we should be doing is putting our heads together so we can get ourselves out of this mess.
Paimon: Jeht...
Paimon: Let's hope this Tirzad guy's both a knowledgeable and humble researcher... for once...
Paimon: Let's keep looking!
Paimon: Missing in the desert... That certainly is worrying. Let's go take a look, (Traveler).
Paimon: No, Paimon's not!
Paimon: Now isn't the time for this, (Traveler).
Paimon: Of course! And we know your hometown pretty well too!
Paimon: Oh! Then you have heard? That's right, this is the renowned (Traveler)! And Paimon is the famed Paimon!
Paimon: Oh? If it isn't Nachtigal!
Paimon: Oh? Well, isn't this a coincidence!
Paimon: Oof... Why's Paimon getting the feeling that Jeht managed to offend all three people by saying that?
Paimon: Ooh! Benben seems to be reacting to Tirzad's stone slate!
Paimon: Paimon doesn't act super-anything! Anyway, Paimon's not gonna fly lower for anyone! Otherwise, Paimon will breathe in a whole load of sand...
Paimon: Paimon doesn't completely understand what it's saying, but it seems happy!
Paimon: Paimon gets it... But you just said that it's hard for outsiders to make a living here, right? Did something happen?
Paimon: Paimon guesses so...
Paimon: Paimon hopes there wasn't any sort of accident...
Paimon: Paimon is nobody's "lil' friend"! Even Bonifaz knows that Paimon is famous!
Paimon: Paimon never expected to find a place like this under the sand...
Paimon: Paimon told you, we're nothing alike!
Paimon: Paimon wonders if he was the one who was taking a break...
Paimon: Paimon wonders what it's like inside. Let's go in and take a look!
Paimon: Paimon would sooner be related to a pigeon!
Paimon: Provided he doesn't open up his eyes only to see Jebrael and get so mad that he passes out again...
Paimon: Really? Are you guys really talking to each other?
Paimon: Right? So that makes two of us!
Paimon: She is amazing, in a weird sort of way.
Paimon: Sh—Should we pick it up and try using it?
Paimon: So that's how it is... Still, could you tell us more about the commission you posted at the Adventurers' Guild?
Paimon: So, this pit is...
Paimon: So, you don't know what Benben is either, huh?
Paimon: Still, Bonifaz did say that he's pretty generous with Mora, so he can't be that bad, hehe.
Paimon: Strange, we can't see any footprints anymore. Did they get blown away by the sand?
Paimon: That means we've completed Bonifaz's commission, right? After all, he only asked us to confirm the safety of the archaeology team as well as that of the Sumpter Beasts...
Paimon: That said, grouchy kids don't usually get that drunk...
Paimon: That weird thing... You mean Benben? Wouldn't it be better to give the stone slate to Jeht to look after?
Paimon: That's right! Don't get bogged down with whether you can fly or not, Jeht. You should work towards something else! Like, a race with a Rishboland Tiger or something, hee-hee.
Paimon: That's right! Paimon might not really get super difficult research, but... there's so much stuff in big ruins like these! If you take a good look around, there's got to be something you can write about, right?
Paimon: That's right! Paimon won't leave (Traveler)'s side.
Paimon: That's true!
Paimon: Then why is Tirzad so unmotivated?
Paimon: There are people down there! But are they the people we're looking for? Let's go over and ask them!
Paimon: This thing's making weird noises again... Where's that sound coming from, anyway? And is it really not going to turn on us out of the blue? (Traveler), don't let your guard down.
Paimon: To be honest, Paimon kind of admires her in a way...
Paimon: Ugh... Paimon totally doesn't get your standards for "cute"...
Paimon: Uh, Paimon doesn't really have an answer for you there... (Traveler)...?
Paimon: Uh, they couldn't have fallen down, could they?
Paimon: Uh-oh, what happened? Will he be okay...?
Paimon: Uh... It's not like we're always doing over-the-top stuff like that... We take ordinary commissions, too!
Paimon: Uh... It's not like we're always doing over-the-top stuff like that... We take ordinary commissions, too! Besides, we've already accepted your commission, haven't we?
Paimon: Uh... Paimon doesn't really get academic stuff either, but since this is your job, you should take it seriously.
Paimon: Uh... Still, Paimon doesn't think you should lose heart!
Paimon: Uh... Th—Then we should get going. We should be able to catch up with Jeht and the others.
Paimon: Wait a minute, Paimon's confused. Wasn't the archaeology mission your idea?
Paimon: We have, but...
Paimon: We haven't agreed to anything yet... And anyway, don't just throw "death" around like that, you'll jinx people!
Paimon: We're here! Tirzad decided to come exploring with us.
Paimon: Well... what should we do now, (Traveler)?
Paimon: What's the matter? Why are you getting so serious all of a sudden...
Paimon: Whoa! It's moving!
Paimon: Whoa, the door really opened!
Paimon: Whoa...
Paimon: Why does this guy always jump to the worst conclusions...
Paimon: Wh—What a weird thing...
Paimon: Wh—What happened!?
Paimon: Woohoo! We can finally leave!
Paimon: Wow, that was pretty brave of you! What if it wasn't a shortcut at all, but a trap?
Paimon: Wow... You've got a wild imagination, huh? We don't have that sort of relationship.
Paimon: Y'know, an archaeological expedition in desert ruins really does feel different from exploring elsewhere.
Paimon: You came all the way from Mondstadt to the desert to do business...?
Paimon: You came to the desert from Mondstadt to do business...?
Paimon: You can't just wake up one morning to find yourself floating!
Paimon: You mean that it didn't even occur to you?!
Paimon: You're right, finding a way out together is what's most important right now. Any other complaints can be addressed once we're somewhere safe.
Paimon: You're right, let's go find a way out of here.
Paimon: You're right... Let's keep exploring, then!
Tirzad gets so worked up that the blood rushes to his head, causing him to faint...
Tirzad: "What's the value or meaning of research if everyone is just following the herd or reproducing each other's work?" — or so I've been told.
Tirzad: (Finally, no need to carry this stuff around myself...)
Tirzad: (He looks like he's in a lot of pain, we probably shouldn't wake him up...)
Tirzad: (The sick feeling's gone? I'm all good!)
Tirzad: (Uh, um... Ugh...)
Tirzad: *sigh* It's because I don't care for the topic at all. If it wasn't for this accursed stone slate...
Tirzad: ...?
Tirzad: ...Hmm, this is... There! That should do it...
Tirzad: ...I guess that makes sense? But I'm not staying here either way — I'd feel more comfortable in the company of experienced adventurers.
Tirzad: Actually, it's my first time this deep in the desert as well...
Tirzad: Ahem, this has nothing to do with Jebrael or Jeht, so I kindly ask that you give us some space.
Tirzad: Ahh! S—Stop—
Tirzad: And you're too lax!
Tirzad: Are... Are you going to ditch me? The payment for the commission is negotiable, so don't leave me here with this crook from Mondstadt...
Tirzad: Bonifaz and Nachtigal are colluding to blackmail me... *sob*... That despicable Mondstadter came all the way to Sumeru just to extort me, I swear...
Tirzad: Bonifaz!
Tirzad: But this unique model doesn't attack outsiders and can even communicate to a certain extent... I don't remember reading anything about this.
Tirzad: But what am I compared to such a long-standing academic tradition and all my seniors in research? I'm no academic genius, so what can I think of that others can't?
Tirzad: Can you... help me take care of this stone slate?
Tirzad: Desert ruins don't constitute a safe place! And I'm not going anywhere with such unreliable people...
Tirzad: Haha, and yet I took it to be a treasure! Haha! This silly stone slate! I must have been out of my mind to think I'd really be able to stumble upon something.
Tirzad: Haha... Even if we really did meet again, and even if we really recognized each other, how could I even face her?
Tirzad: Heh, it's funny, but this Scarlet Sand Slate was actually the research project of a relative of mine...
Tirzad: Heh, that's what sets us professionals apart from the amateurs.
Tirzad: Help me, (Traveler)! You have to protect me!
Tirzad: Hmm... It's hard to say, only a portion was lit up. Besides, I've told you all before...
Tirzad: Hold on, I have a serious request to make of you, (Traveler).
Tirzad: How do I put this? Alright. I don't trust Jebrael. I feel like he has an ulterior motive... and since Jeht is his daughter, they're obviously going to be in the same camp.
Tirzad: I am not drunk! I'm fine! I'm coming with you guys! Don't leave me behind... *sob*
Tirzad: I can't go on. Let's rest a while.
Tirzad: I do! I give it my all! Why else would I have spent so much Mora to come to this archon-forsaken place...
Tirzad: I don't know how you came to that ridiculous conclusion, but... let's not discuss that for now. What I'm most concerned about now is, what is that thing?
Tirzad: I don't need you to speak for me. Um... That said, I am indeed ready to set off whenever.
Tirzad: I don't trust myself if something were to happen. Besides, that weird thing also seems to have some sort of response to it...
Tirzad: I heard that they fled into this desert back in those days. Unfortunately, I was a kid then and only saw her a few times. I can't even remember what she looked like.
Tirzad: I hired you! Don't tell me what to do...
Tirzad: I said it before, didn't I? I'm an Indoorsology researcher! I should never have come out into the middle of nowhere like this...
Tirzad: I told you, I'm an Indoor... forget it. I'm the employer, so just listen to me!
Tirzad: I usually have my hands full with research matters, and I've never dealt with business people such as you before. How was I supposed to know the rules around pricing...
Tirzad: I'm a legitimate researcher! I'll have you know that I have a research permit issued by the Akademiya!
Tirzad: I'm always told to be original in my research and to find material that no one has ever worked on before.
Tirzad: If Jeht hadn't told me that you highballed me, I'd still be foolish enough to think that I scored a great deal!
Tirzad: It is, and that's why I want you to take care of it! And to be honest, seeing it light up like that makes me uneasy...
Tirzad: It... must be related to the guards here. I don't know exactly how to operate it, though.
Tirzad: I—I'm an Indoorsology researcher! I should be working indoors and poring over documents... Unlike some adventurers who go stark raving bananas when they see a pile of old ruins...
Tirzad: Jeht said it before, he's from the desert. Can you really trust the desert people? I'd sooner believe that Bonifaz didn't defraud me.
Tirzad: Maybe someone has already published ten treatises and thoroughly studied Benben's genealogy...
Tirzad: Me? I'm—! You... You!
Tirzad: No! Ahem... I mean, absolutely not.
Tirzad: No, I don't... Wait, what does that have to do with this?
Tirzad: None of you have ever done serious academic research. How could you possibly understand me or the difficulties of being a researcher...
Tirzad: Ooh! Someone's talking sense... So, that crook Bonifaz commissioned you to come look for me? And you're famous adventurers, you say?
Tirzad: O—Of course! I might be an Indoorsology researcher, but something as basic as this can't be too different from what's written in the books...
Tirzad: O—Oh, yes, that's true.
Tirzad: R—Rigor is key to academic research! We only just got here. I wouldn't want to jump to any conclusions.
Tirzad: She was originally a young researcher with limitless promise, but one day, she left the family behind and eloped with some wild boy from who knows where.
Tirzad: Since I'm incapable of constructing any new theories, all I could do was take my chances in the field and see if I could dig up any new materials to base my paper on.
Tirzad: Since you're famous adventurers, surely you're more reliable than they are?
Tirzad: Speaking of which, she must have left this stone slate behind when she left back then because even she knew this lousy thing had no research value.
Tirzad: Thank you! You're the only ones I can rely on in this vast sea of sand!
Tirzad: That's it! I'm... I'm laying you all off! There's a limit to how much bullying I'll take! *sob*
Tirzad: The way I am now, I'm no different from a stray dog, living off the scraps thrown away by others...
Tirzad: There are no academic gaps left these days that I can identify and fill...
Tirzad: This doesn't seem like something that could be classified as a "friend," could it?! Doesn't this look a little like the same thing that just attacked us?
Tirzad: Though, when it comes to King Deshret, the academic community has long since concluded that he was just another self-destructive tyrant...
Tirzad: Th—That scared the daylights out of me. You're more impressive than you look, Jeht...
Tirzad: Ugh...
Tirzad: Wait a minute, could it be? No, it's too early to celebrate just yet... Maybe I was too narrow-minded and just happened to not see any relevant prior research on it...
Tirzad: Watch this!
Tirzad: We've been walking around for a while without making any progress, so why don't we take a little rest?
Tirzad: Well, I'd like to hire you to get me out of this archon-forsaken place. At this rate, forget my research, even my very life will be cut short!
Tirzad: Well... I can't really say.
Tirzad: Where... Where do you guys get all that energy from? First it's exploring, then it's fighting... Let's slow down a little...
Tirzad: Wh—What is it?
Tirzad: Yes, that's correct.
Tirzad: You're a huge help!
(Obtain Scarlet Sand Slate)
Tirzad: You... You!
Tirzad: You? You're just a paid mercenary, what right do you have to comment on my ideas?
You explain the situation with the others to Jeht.
You receive the Scarlet Sand Slate that Tirzad entrusted to you.