 "The Brass Mask"...
Liloupar: Ah, yes... Khorramdin, brass-masked King Shiruyeh. "The Emissary of the Mistress"! "Savior of the Commoners and Slaves"! Haha. A gifted charlatan, that one.
Liloupar: And in the end, he led those who followed him to their doom... The earth swallowed them whole, and they fell into a dark chasm together with the entire city.
 ...
 About the "punishment"...
 About the fall of Gurabad...
 Again, again!
Paimon: Hey, show some restraint! What are you, a kid?
 Don't put words into my mouth...
 Gurabad... It awaits her.
 Gurabad... What is over there?
Liloupar: There's nothing left. Nothing at all...
Liloupar: All that remains are the memories of ghosts, broken dreams that can never be recovered, and the sweet aftertaste of revenge... or so I would say.
Liloupar: This is a sizable request, and of that I am aware... but I wish for you to witness my past and the lessons I had to learn.
 I'm fine, Paimon.
Paimon: That's what you always say!
 It's "Mora"... wait, what am I even correcting you for?
 Liloupar?
 My head really hurts...
 No, I'm a little dizzy...
Paimon: Now that you mention it... Paimon's head feels a little woozy, too...
 Quest DescriptionThere was a strange vibration in the ancient "training field" which, according to Liloupar, may have something to do with Gurabad's long past...
 She's gone...
 Shh!
 So what you're saying is...
 So, you brought him low...
 So...
 Sorry, Paimon.
Paimon: Hmph! That's what you get for cheesing Paimon off!
 The right choice...?
 Why do we have to go there?
Liloupar: Why, you ask? In truth, I know not... Perhaps the reason does not even matter, but I must make my way there. So...
Liloupar: If there must be a reason, my master, it would be because I want you to witness my past and the lessons I learned.
 You refer to Shiruyeh...
Liloupar: Yes, Shiruyeh, brass-masked Khorramdin. The smallfolk and the slaves saw him as an emissary of my mistress, as a savior to them in their misery.
Liloupar: So he led them to embrace justice... To embrace death.
 You're leaving?
"Shiruyeh is Khorramdin."Thus says the man in the brass mask.
"There will be no heirs to your name. I will do away with the many idols in your temples. I will consign you to your grave, for such does one as despicable as you deserve."Says the man in the brass mask.
As the shard of light merges with Liloupar's magic bottle, you feel a little of your own power being pulled away...
Finally, you see the brass-masked king. He flees into the shadows — into Shirin's arms...Her face is old and dim, all traces of life and reason having vanished from it like dust in the night's wind.And then there is King Kisra, who turned into a dark monster... they all are your flesh and blood, yet you rejoice, and you exult in that retribution.
Liloupar: "O Gurabad, you are mortally stricken, your shame shown to all..."
Liloupar: (The light of the bottle fades, then the flickering gradually returns — but she speaks no more.)
Liloupar: ...
Liloupar: ...And I was thus able to foster their flesh and blood.
Liloupar: ...Be careful. I feel some strange tremors from deep underground.
Liloupar: ...Because I just made it up.
Liloupar: Ah, nay. I just wish to show you some things.
Liloupar: Ah, yes... Khorramdin, brass-masked King Shiruyeh. "The Emissary of the Mistress"! "Savior of the Commoners and Slaves"! Haha. A gifted charlatan, that one.
Liloupar: Ah. It would seem that this place has some new tenants. Please do get rid of them, my master.
Liloupar: Ah... look. Gurabad.
Liloupar: All that remains are the memories of ghosts, broken dreams that can never be recovered, and the sweet aftertaste of revenge... or so I would say.
Liloupar: Alright, playtime is over. Let us go to Gurabad, my master.
Liloupar: And in the end, he led those who followed him to their doom... The earth swallowed them whole, and they fell into a dark chasm together with the entire city.
Liloupar: And when the time comes, (he/she) shall see you compensated with all the food you may desire, and that... currency of yours. "Mura," was it?
Liloupar: Behold Gurabad. Once, it was swallowed by the very earth itself — now, it lies before you.
Liloupar: But I know that fate will arrange for us to meet again. You possess an incorruptible quality. I believe... that I will have made the right choice.
Liloupar: But that was not all... *sigh* That was not all.
Liloupar: Done wrong? Ha! I have done nothing wrong. But my children are still there. She and Shiruyeh... they must be rather lonely.
Liloupar: Find the protrusion on its surface and insert that into the slot on my bottle. It's as simple as that.
Liloupar: Generally speaking, the master doesn't choose the Jinni. Instead, the Jinni chooses their master. Even should we part ways here, I doubt our connection will be easily severed.
Liloupar: Gurabad is, for me, a fated land. I must therefore return back to this city, where my destiny awaits me still.
Liloupar: Ha... Alright, that's enough jokes for now. All you have to do, my master, is to hold me and touch the chess piece.
Liloupar: He turned out to be no different from those mortal rulers who live one day and die the next, wandering amidst dreams of conquest and persecution, building their palaces upon quicksand.
Liloupar: Heh... What a child you are. Worry not, I will give (him/her) back, little one.
Liloupar: Hehe, and would you like a repeat performance?
Liloupar: Hmm? So you're still here, little one... Why are you silent?
Liloupar: I designed for him machines driven by the remnants of Jinn spirits, and in a dream of pitch-black darkness, I inspired him to build a colossal machine that could swallow up and spit out a torrent of artificial objects...
Liloupar: I once believed that he was no mere mortal companion. Foolishly, I fell for those eyes of his... But the vanity and selfishness that kings are wont to have seized him in the end.
Liloupar: I thought I could use the dark abyss to punish that which I hated... But what goes around, comes around... It shall also be my destiny to enter Gurabad and face its retribution.
Liloupar: If there must be a reason, my master, it would be because I want you to witness my past and the lessons I learned.
Liloupar: In short, please follow me. I shall lead you to Gurabad...
Liloupar: It was ambition that drove him to force his queen, Shirin — his elder sister by blood — to create Jinn, mindless and malformed... And her suffering pleased me... it empowered me...
Liloupar: It's nothing... That was just a drill.
Liloupar: It's there. You just can't see it...
Liloupar: Kisra Parvezravan, Shirin, they are my blood... It was by schemes of blood, honeyed execution, and raging ambition that I punished them all.
Liloupar: Like I said, I punished him — handed ruin down from father to son, across three generations.
Liloupar: My master... I am sorry that I couldn't stay by your side for long, and that I could not have more time to get familiar with you.
Liloupar: Oh, it's alright... I was only talking about my past... and of my destiny.
Liloupar: Ormazd was once the lover of the one called Liloupar. It was by the Jinni's love that he rose from a lowly shepherd to become a king amongst mortals.
Liloupar: Please connect me with that chess piece.
Liloupar: Please... hold me close to your ear once more.
Liloupar: Poverty is accompanied by hatred, and hatred begets ambition... Riches lead to greed, and greed also fuels ambition.
Liloupar: Shh... They're here.
Liloupar: So he led them to embrace justice... To embrace death.
Liloupar: So... please accept this final gift.
Liloupar: Strange... It was supposed to be here... Ah, here it is!
(Liloupar tears down part of the cave wall to reveal a larger cavern)
Liloupar: Thanks to your company, I was able to return to my mistress's garden...
Liloupar: That is normal. The coordinates are somewhat off. Perhaps the device is showing its age...
Liloupar: That's Gurabad over there. I remember it now.
Liloupar: The power of the darkness is growing stronger... only a mother's power can face it head-on.
Liloupar: There's nothing left. Nothing at all...
Liloupar: They brought him untold wealth, but they also robbed the laborers of their lives and the farmers of their property.
Liloupar: This abolition of slavery was itself the beginning of endless and cruel servitude — slave owners were freed from the obligation to raise their slaves, and the slaves were deprived even of small mercies like a full stomach...
Liloupar: This is a sizable request, and of that I am aware... but I wish for you to witness my past and the lessons I had to learn.
Liloupar: Thus the lords and the rich men wept, crying: "Verily this is the triumph of mortals, the end of slavery!" But only I knew. Only I understood...
Liloupar: Vain Parvezravan, my dear child... He wanted unlimited power, and so I gave it to him.
Liloupar: Watch out!
Liloupar: Why, you ask? In truth, I know not... Perhaps the reason does not even matter, but I must make my way there. So...
Liloupar: Yes, Shiruyeh, brass-masked Khorramdin. The smallfolk and the slaves saw him as an emissary of my mistress, as a savior to them in their misery.
Liloupar: You ask too many questions, little one.
Liloupar: You did it. I knew that dealing with these creatures would not trouble you at all.
O Gurabad, you are mortally stricken, your shame shown to all...All who receive these tidings shall clap and shout for joy...For is there anyone who has not felt your unending tyranny?
Paimon: ...
Paimon: And uh, should we... go now?
Paimon: C—Connect...? What do you mean?
Paimon: Eh, look! The light in the bottle has dimmed... Liloupar! Are you alright?
Paimon: Eh? What did you feel?
Paimon: Hehe, that's more like it! Paimon's noted it all down! Delicious food and Mora!
Paimon: Hey, show some restraint! What are you, a kid?
Paimon: Hey... Isn't this the valley we first went to? What are you bringing us here for? Is there anything worth seeing here?
Paimon: Hmm... Liloupar, are you alright? Why are you so quiet?
Paimon: Hmm... it's just, Paimon doesn't understand... And what you just said sounded really terrifying.
Paimon: Hmph! That's what you get for cheesing Paimon off!
Paimon: How did this happen? That's really awesome!
Paimon: Huh... there's a slot on your bottle? But it looks pretty smooth... There's no place to plug it in!
Paimon: Is that how it is... Seems like it really was goodbye... Will we ever see her again...?
Paimon: Liloupar? Liloupar?
Paimon: Now that you mention it... Paimon's head feels a little woozy, too...
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Oh... Hey!
Paimon: Oh... So it was just a drill!
Paimon: That's what you always say!
Paimon: This does sound kinda ridiculous... and Paimon really doesn't get it, but what you're saying almost sounds like a farewell. Did something happen?
Paimon: Uh, you're starting to lose Paimon here... What are you talking about!?
Paimon: Uh... Paimon... Paimon doesn't know what to say...
Paimon: Um... Do you have to go back and make amends for all the wrong things you've done or something...?
Paimon: Wait, what made you say this all of a sudden...?
Paimon: Wait... Look. She's glowing. Well, differently from normal, anyway...
Paimon: Wait... What kind of drill are you talking about!?
Paimon: What's that supposed to mean!? You're talking in riddles!
Paimon: Whoa! We were just next to that chess piece. Then things went "whoosh," and now we're here!
Paimon: Whoa, what's the matter with you guys... Can't you let Paimon know in advance next time? These surprises are bad for Paimon's heart!
The Jinni's bottle shimmers, seemingly in tune with the vibration of the chess piece.You can hear the passing of time like drops of water in a prison... It seems to last a lifetime, or perhaps just for a moment.Liloupar doesn't say a word.
The pomegranates are crushed and cracked, and they are trampled into a mass of mud... Plump or withered, rich or humble... The scarlet fruits, with hue and cry, tell of the Khorramdin's coming — the joy of life and the joy of vengeance.The juice tastes as sweet and mellow as sweet wine, and flows through the city, turning the reservoir into a vast red sea...The sea first drowns the slaves, and then their masters howl as they flounder amidst the roiling waves of night.
Then, out of the mist, you see a great city, big, bloated, and cold.The earth opens up, swallowing everything in Gurabad...And there stands its gate, set in the mountain wall. It is loathsome, seeming almost to contain all the filth of the ancient world that somehow escaped the people's gaze...
Through her guidance, you have become familiar with the ancient verses...But she speaks no more.
Through the Jinni's entranced eyes, you bear witness to Gurabad as it is engulfed in darkness...The city of Gurabad has long been a reservoir of water, but now its inhabitants scatter like a torrent.The Jinn, devoid of intellect, pour out from cold machine husks, from the soldiers' weapons... And the scarlet wine, the juice of the pomegranate, bursts forth...
You hold the magic bottle to your ear...There is a chuckle, and you hear someone whispering in your ear in a gentle and delicate language...She speaks of things as unknowable as a deep spring, but you comprehend it all.And at last, the words dissipate, leaving only a cool tingling in your ear...