
Aranakula: *sob* Aranakula was found...
Paimon: Aranakula ran away... Isn't he a little too timid? We'll need to be careful from now on... Let's go look for him at the safe place.

Aranakula: Aranakula'll be eaten this time...
Paimon: Aranakula, stop! (Traveler) won't let the Fungi eat you... Oh, he ran away anyway...
Paimon: It can't be helped, let's head back to the safe place and look for him.

Aranakula: Eek!
Paimon: What? Why did he run away? He must be in the safe place... (Traveler), let's go look for Aranakula.

Aranakula: They spotted Aranakula... Aranakula needs to run away now...
Paimon: Wait! Oh well, he's gone. We need to tell Arapandu about this after we get back. He's just too timid!
Paimon: Anyway, let's head back to the safe place and look for him.
 ...Memory of Stone?
 ...You mean the Statues of The Seven?
 Aranara art is very simple, so it's difficult to imagine...
 Avoiding fights wasn't so bad.
Paimon: Paimon guesses so...
 Don't listen to Paimon. I'm a good Nara.
 I guess Paimon really is quite small...
Paimon: You'll be in trouble if you look down on Paimon! Hmph!
 I have something else to do.
Aranakula: May Aramuhukunda watch over Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Don't get eaten by bad guys.
 I hope the forest will return to normal soon.
 I'd love to see them if they have any.
Paimon: Right? Hehe, Nara Varuna, a Golden Nara...
 I'll clean up the bad seeds.
 Leave it to us.
 Of course.
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon's (Traveler)'s best friend after all!
 Oh, I'm quite good at doing that.
 Quest DescriptionAranakula, who is said to be rather timid, has gone to the Yasna Monument, which is flooded with dangerous Fungi. Aranakula has seldom been left alone without the company of soil and seeds, so the poor little thing must need help now...
 Small Paimon, big energy.
Paimon: That's right! Paimon is very powerful!
 Step DescriptionNow that the visible memories that Aranara left for Nara Varuna have been cleaned up, it is time to proceed to heal the "branch" and "leaves."
 Step DescriptionThe monument that is important to Aranakula is covered with spores. Clear them away.
 Step DescriptionThe rather timid Aranakula insists on taking the safe road... Be wary of the Fungi nearby and escort Aranakula safely to the destination.
 Sure.
Aranakula: Traveling with Golden Nara feels so safe.
Aranakula: May Aramuhukunda watch over Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Don't get eaten by bad guys.
You follow Aranakula back to the "rest stop"...
(Teleport to the "rest stop")
 Think of it as the process of saving up some emergency rations in the forest...
 Well, Nara are forgetful creatures.
 What does this have to do with Paimon?
 You can always run away first.
Arabalika: There were a lot of bad guys at the Yasna Monument, but Aranakula has returned. Good.
Arakunti: Aranakula doesn't even have half of half of Arabalika's strength.
Aranakula: *sob* Aranakula and Arakunti can't beat Arabalika even if they team up.
Aranakula: *sob* Aranakula is surely stronger than Paimon, but not as brave. Aranakula always hides in a safe place when attacked by Fungi...
Aranakula: *sob* Aranakula was found...
Aranakula: *sob*...
Aranakula: ...Maybe Nara (Traveler) can help.
Aranakula: Aaaah! A—A Nara discovered Aranakula! Wh—What should Aranakula do...
Aranakula: And there are bad seeds. Where bad seeds are, no good flowers and trees can grow.
Aranakula: Arabalika very brave, also not scared, just like Nara Varuna.
Aranakula: Aranakula gets it. Nara (Traveler) must be as powerful as Arabalika, but what about Paimon?
Aranakula: Aranakula has another request. Before fixing the Varuna Contraption... Please help find the Memory of Stone.
Aranakula: Aranakula is more powerful than Paimon, but was still almost eaten by a bad guy. P—Paimon is so small... It's too dangerous!
Aranakula: Aranakula knows a safe road. We use the safe road, okay?
Aranakula: Aranakula loosened up the soil and watered the plants for a long time, but they are all gone now...
Aranakula: Aranakula wants to fill the nurseries with flowers. Nara have forgotten Aranara, but it's fine. Nara will see the flowers.
Aranakula: Aranakula will return to the "rest stop" now. Arapandu will be happy to know that the monument is now clean.
Aranakula: Aranakula'll be eaten this time...
Aranakula: Aranara won't leave Vana. Aranara will always be with Vana. But Nara come and Nara go, just like Nara Varuna.
Aranakula: Arapandu nagged Aranakula for a long time. The sun set and rose back up. Even seeds in the garden sprouted.
Aranakula: But Nara Varuna is not in Vana now. There are too many bad guys, and they have messed up the garden.
Aranakula: But too many bad guys. Aranakula can't beat them... Hmm... Golden Nara is powerful, but...
Aranakula: Eek!
Aranakula: Eh!? Th—The Golden Nara is deceiving Aranakula? The Golden Nara is a bad Nara?
Aranakula: Golden Nara remembers many Aranara names and remembers that I am Aranakula. It is like picking up a floating leaf and knowing which tree it is from.
Aranakula: Good Nara! Good Paimon! Let's not alert the bad guys. Use the safe road.
Aranakula: If Arabalika hadn't come in time, Aranakula would have...
Aranakula: If Aranakula was half as strong as Arabalika, Aranakula could protect the nurseries.
Aranakula: It will once the Varuna Contraption is fixed. But Marana... must be eliminated for Vana and Sarva.
Aranakula: Just as the monument made for Nara Varuna has been covered by bad seeds, Ashvattha's Concourses have also been affected by Marana.
Aranakula: May Aramuhukunda watch over Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Don't get eaten by bad guys.
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler) is tall and big, and maybe as strong as Arabalika... Maybe Nara (Traveler) has a way...
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler), Paimon, thank you. Aranakula won't forget.
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler), this is the Memory of Stone that Aranara have left for Nara Varuna.
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler)...
Aranakula: Oh! Thank you, Nara (Traveler)!
Aranakula: Oh! There are many bad guys in Vana... There is a safe road, but we must be careful. There are also bad spores everywhere. Even Nara Varuna's... *sob*
Aranakula: Ohhh...
Aranakula: Once the Varuna Contraption has been healed, no more bad guys will go disturb the nurseries. Aranakula would like to give the flowers there to (him/her).
Aranakula: Once the Varuna Contraption is fixed, the bad seeds will be no more, and many flowers will grow in the nurseries...
Aranakula: Once the Varuna Contraption is healed, the nursery flowers can be brought back. Aranara won't forget.
Aranakula: O—Oh. S—Since Arapandu told you, you must be a good Nara.
Aranakula: Paimon is not afraid?
Aranakula: Paimon... Paimon is small, so Aranakula isn't afraid, either.
Aranakula: Roots suffer when there is as much water as Valuka. Branches and leaves suffer when there is muddy rain...
Aranakula: So the Golden Nara really is a good Nara! That's great! Thank Aramuhukunda! Although Nara (Traveler) is much taller than Aranakula, Aranakula's not afraid.
Aranakula: Something dripped from the bad guy's mouth. It was wet and hot and smelled like rotten fruit...
Aranakula: Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Aranakula: Thank you, Paimon, and thank you, Nara (Traveler). Aranakula knows what to do.
Aranakula: That's why we left visible memories. This way, when Nara Varuna returns, Nara Varuna will know that Vana never forgets and Aranara never forget.
Aranakula: The Golden Nara evaded the bad guys with Aranakula and cleaned the Memory of Stone up...
Aranakula: The Varuna Contraption has changed because of them... The rain... seems to be angry.
Aranakula: The leaves... They are near this big tree, but...
Aranakula: There are many Aranara, just like how there are many big trees in Vana. Many Aranara and many names, just like how there are many branches on a tree.
Aranakula: There was a time before Nara Varuna came to Vanarana. Nara and Aranara made nurseries together then. But now...
Aranakula: There was this one time when Aranakula was chased by a bad guy. Aranakula hid in the soil but got dug out...
Aranakula: They spotted Aranakula... Aranakula needs to run away now...
Aranakula: Thirsty... Valuka bad, but too much rain also bad.
Aranakula: Traveling with Golden Nara feels so safe.
Aranakula: Vana never forgets. Aranara never forget. But Aranara leave behind memories that can be seen. Since the bad guys arrived, there have been bad seeds everywhere...
Aranakula: Vana remembers everything that happened after Nara Varuna arrived. Big trees remember and seeds remember, but we don't know if Nara Varuna will understand...
Aranakula: Very bad seeds. They must be removed... Nara (Traveler)...
Aranakula: Will Nara (Traveler) and Paimon return to the "rest stop" with Aranakula?
Aranakula: Yes! Aranakula will take Nara on a safe road, then.
Aranakula: Yes. Aranakula will bring Nara (Traveler) and Paimon there.
Aranakula: You don't seem to be afraid of anything, Golden Nara.
Arapandu: All that's left now is Arakunti in the Grove of Dreams. When Arakunti returns, we can go get rid of the bad bugs gnawing at the roots of the Varuna Contraption...
Arapandu: Although Arapandu does worry about Arabalika in the Ruins of Dahri and Arakunti in the Grove of Dreams, with the Golden Nara's help, everything will be fine.
Arapandu: Arabalika should be back from the Ruins of Dahri soon. With Arabalika's Ararakalari, the Iron Chunks and Fungi won't be scary anymore.
Arapandu: Aranakula can be braver, like the Golden Nara. Aranakula just needs time...
Arapandu: The Golden Nara is a courageous Nara. Just like Nara Varuna.
Paimon: ...Compared to the forest, Nara are like small plants that will never become towering trees. They won't ever have tree rings that remember everything...
Paimon: ...That's way too long!
Paimon: Anyway, let's head back to the safe place and look for him.
Paimon: Aranakula ran away... Isn't he a little too timid? We'll need to be careful from now on... Let's go look for him at the safe place.
Paimon: Aranakula, don't worry! Just leave it to Nara (Traveler). It'll be as easy as pie!
Paimon: Aranakula, stop! (Traveler) won't let the Fungi eat you... Oh, he ran away anyway...
Paimon: Aranakula, we're back! You'll need to handle the rest from here though.
Paimon: Aranakula...
Paimon: Aranara are so small, so it isn't strange for them to be scared of Fungi that are several times their size.
Paimon: Aranara have music, so it's possible that they are also skilled in other areas! Maybe they can make lifelike statues too or something...
Paimon: Arapandu asked us to come here and help you in case you run into any trouble.
Paimon: Arapandu told us we just need to make the "leaves" on the three stones turn toward the "branch," right?
Paimon: But we can't see him. Did he drill a hole into the ground or something?
Paimon: But where are its leaves? Paimon doesn't see them.
Paimon: C'mon, (Traveler), let's take a look around.
Paimon: Don't run away! Arapandu told us that you would be here!
Paimon: Eh?
Paimon: Eh? The bad guys? Do you mean the Fungi? In that case, there's nothing to worry about!
Paimon: Either way, let's go there with Aranakula!
Paimon: Getting back to the point, we're here to fix the Varuna Contraption. There should be branches and leaves of the Varuna Contraption in this part of Vana, right?
Paimon: Hehe! Gotcha! But It's not nice to use Paimon as an excuse!
Paimon: Hehe! Listen up, Aranakula, Nara (Traveler) is very strong!
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon's (Traveler)'s best friend after all!
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: Hmm, each Aranara has a unique personality, huh?
Paimon: Hmm... Or you know, their art could just be too advanced for you...
Paimon: Hmm... So this is the Memory of Stone? It looks like a stone monument made by Aranara...
Paimon: Hmm... The Fungi won't find their way in, so this place is safe. You can just wait for us here, Aranakula!
Paimon: Hmm? You're pretty trusting, aren't you, Aranakula? What if (Traveler) is a bad Nara and is using Arapandu's name to trick you?
Paimon: Huh? Aranakula, are you especially scared of Fungi?
Paimon: Huh? Paimon can hear someone talking. According to what Arapandu said, this could be Aranaluka, right?
Paimon: In that case, (Traveler), let's take the safe road with Aranakula. We'll take care not to alert the Fungi.
Paimon: It can't be helped, let's head back to the safe place and look for him.
Paimon: Nara Varuna must also have been a special Nara to the Aranara — that's why they erected a monument for (her/him).
Paimon: Not "very strong," but "very, VERY strong"!
Paimon: Now, Paimon understands... So the Memory of Stone is a memorial plaque. Well, humans also erect memorial monuments, so that they don't forget things.
Paimon: Now, only the children of Vimara Village can still see you. To adults, you only exist in stories... And the nurseries you talked about have also become deserted because of Marana...
Paimon: Of course not!
Paimon: Oh no...
Paimon: Oh right, Paimon doesn't get it either.
Paimon: Oh! It looks like everything will be fine here too.
Paimon: Ooh, right! Guess we can go and heal the Varuna Contraption's branches and leaves now, right?
Paimon: Paimon guesses so...
Paimon: Paimon won't run away and leave you behind, (Traveler)! Paimon won't... Paimon won't, right?
Paimon: Paimon? What about Paimon?
Paimon: Right? Hehe, Nara Varuna, a Golden Nara...
Paimon: Seems like Aranara always speak in riddles... Paimon guesses we'll understand when we see it.
Paimon: So this is where it was hidden. Wow, we might not have found this place without Aranakula leading the way...
Paimon: That's right! Paimon is very powerful!
Paimon: Th—That kinda makes sense... Wait! You're strong, (Traveler). You'll protect Paimon, right?
Paimon: Um, that's not... Ugh, now Paimon feels bad...
Paimon: Wait! Oh well, he's gone. We need to tell Arapandu about this after we get back. He's just too timid!
Paimon: We're finally here... Paimon was so nervous on the way here for fear of being discovered by Fungi...
Paimon: We've already defeated many Fungi together with Arapandu! Even Arapandu recognizes our strength!
Paimon: Well, it's not quite the same, but we've seen statues with specific faces carved onto them before, haven't we?
Paimon: Well, that should do it, right? Now let's get back and look for Aranakula.
Paimon: Well, we came here to help out in the first place. Right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: What? Why did he run away? He must be in the safe place... (Traveler), let's go look for Aranakula.
Paimon: Whoa...
Paimon: Yeah! And now that we've heard Nara Varuna's story, (Traveler), don't you want to know what (she/he) looks like?
Paimon: Yeah, it does feel like we've done this so many times already...
Paimon: You must be Aranakula!
Paimon: You'll be in trouble if you look down on Paimon! Hmph!
Paimon: ?
You follow Aranakula back to the "rest stop"...