 ...
 I am ready.
 Just call me (Traveler).
 Quest DescriptionThough lost memories flow by like water, friendships may be reborn with time...
 They forgot.
Paimon: But... We can befriend them all over again!
 They remember.
Paimon: ...
Khayyam: I see... But I can't see them anymore, nor can I know how much they miss me... What a pity.
Aragaru: Or turn into fatty worms, eaten by other worms. Other worms make things that nourish the plants, and make us grow!
Aragaru: Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty!
Aragaru: We must hang out like this in the future, too!
Aragaru: Yeah! New friends!
Aragaru: Yeah, here, they're here!
Aranaga: "Be back home, be back home, dreams of the garden, memories of the forest..."
Aranaga: "Deeper dreams, everlasting happiness."
Aranaga: "Embrace, let us:"
Aranaga: "Rejoice, let us:"
Aranaga: "The pomegranate sings, the apples clap!"
Aranaga: Here comes the moon. Now, is the time to plant flowers. Are you ready?
Aranaga: Here you are, Nara (Traveler), White Floaty. Welcome you, the three of us.
Aranaga: Hi, Golden Nara and White Floaty.
Aranaga: So... Aranakin, Aragaru, let's start the ritual.
Aranaga: Thank you. I can't remember the past, but trusty friends, you surely are.
Aranaga: Yes, because benevolent, Mawtiyima is. So, she gives memories a chance to resurrect.
Aranaga: Yes... Because, memories don't belong to you and me... The stories from the past, we have shared with all grass and trees in the forest...
Aranakin: Aranaga, she is here, they're here!
Aranakin: But, it doesn't matter. Because we are new friends now, right?
Aranakin: Hello, new friends!
Aranakin: Hope you'll always remember our song!
Aranakin: Yeah! Even if we forget about you, the memories will... Hmm, be woven into the leaf veins and roots, turn into leaves, turn into tree rings!
Khayyam unsteadily walks away...
Khayyam: "The pomegranate sings, the apples clap..."
Khayyam: (What's that song again... "The pomegranate... the apples...")
Khayyam: *cough*... Apologies, I have to take my leave now. Perhaps a miracle is my only hope...
Khayyam: Haha... Okay, so you were the...
Khayyam: Hehe... I can't see them anymore. I am too old to see their faces or hear their voices... Gone, it's all gone.
Khayyam: Hmm... So, please tell me, do the Aranara still remember me? Do they remember us all?
Khayyam: I see... But I can't see them anymore, nor can I know how much they miss me... What a pity.
Khayyam: Oh, hello, hello. Child in white, and... *sigh* Apologies, my children. My memories are getting blurry, and names just fade after a while.
Khayyam: One cannot understand or chase after a miracle. The only thing one can do is wait.
Paimon: ...
Paimon: But... We can befriend them all over again!
Paimon: But... You still can't recall anything about us, right?
Paimon: Hello, Mr. Khayyam! What are you doing here?
Paimon: Look! The three of them are here!
Paimon: Oh, uh...
Paimon: Paimon too!
Paimon: Wow... The three flowers are alive again!
Paimon: Yes! We were the Javans — the brave young ones!
Reborn Flower: (The dried flowers came back to life, as if the old times have come back again...)
The Aranara plant the dried flowers. With the ballad echoing in the wind, the flowers come back to life magically...