 (Now they are about to play cards...)
 (This guy simply wants to play cards...)
 About Fukumoto's request...
 And... what are your thoughts?
 Got writer's block?
 How will you get in touch?
 I actually know quite a lot of people who can fit into this category...
Fukumoto: Really? That's great. I'm working on the third book of "King of Invokations," and this time, I'm not going to base it on the gameplay mechanics of Genius Invokation TCG.
Fukumoto: I'm going to create an all-new way of playing. For instance... I could get all cards to be suspended mid-air on the field. Players will have to collect cards as they consider their next move, all the while preventing their opponent from collecting cards themselves...
Fukumoto: Hahaha! I'm getting excited just thinking about it! But we don't have time for this right now...
 I can help.
 I know Cyno pretty well.
 I'll explain.
 I've never played before.
 Is it really that long...?
 Is that really necessary?
 Quest DescriptionSomething seems to be bothering the novelist, Fukumoto...
 This has no rhyme nor reason...
Fukumoto: Heh, just trust my instincts on the market. But now's not a good time to explain...
 This is Fukumoto.
 This is the author of "King of Invokations."
 What are you up to, Cyno?
 What will you do?
 What's wrong?
 You're better at this.
Cyno: (Is he the novelist?)
Cyno: (Traveler)? I didn't expect to see you here.
Cyno: ...Hmm, this combination of cards isn't so bad.
Cyno: At the beginning of the game, they play a large number of cards in one go in order to swiftly defeat their opponent.
Cyno: But I'm no fan of this tactic. I prefer to continuously accumulate resources in different ways...
Cyno: But they're not strong enough to deal with quick attacks...
Cyno: But to be honest, it's hard to build a deck like that...
Cyno: Currently, in the Genius Invokation TCG community, some players prefer to use cards with fast attack speeds.
Cyno: Didn't you promise to play a few games of Genius Invokation TCG with me earlier?
Cyno: Hmm, is that so? Well, as luck would have it, I've just built two decks of cards, so we can play a few rounds of Genius Invokation TCG here. Maybe you'll find some inspiration.
Cyno: I understand that writing novels require taking a creative license, but this way of winning is a departure from the fundamental mechanics of Genius Invokation TCG.
Cyno: I'm going to use this relatively slower deck to see how I can deal with your attacks.
Cyno: I'm hoping that the deck would allow the player to obtain an abundance of resources and plenty of powerful cards...
Cyno: I'm in the middle of trying to build a Genius Invokation deck with a relatively slow attack speed.
Cyno: I've read your novel. It's very good.
Cyno: In the novel, every time the protagonist is at a disadvantage, he always manages to get a card that wasn't in his deck through various means, then defeats his opponent. This left a lasting impression on me.
Cyno: It's just an intuitive strategy.
Cyno: Seizing every possible opportunity, building up my advantage, and eventually securing the victory...
Cyno: Then the matter is settled. Here, take this quick attack deck.
Cyno: You're asking me to model for the illustrations in "King of Invokations"? That's certainly no problem.
Fukumoto: (This novel's definitely gonna be a big hit!)
Fukumoto: *sigh* By the time they're free, I'll have finished writing the novel.
Fukumoto: *sigh* Can't this General Mahamatra find a way to keep the production team of Genius Invokation TCG in line...
Fukumoto: *sigh* I want to go back to Inazuma... How could this happen to me...
Fukumoto: About that, well... Although I do play Genius Invokation TCG a lot, I'm not really good at it... And if you write about the duels with a competitive mindset, it wouldn't make for an interesting story.
Fukumoto: According to a researcher I know quite well, the team encountered all kinds of problems that could only be described as baffling...
Fukumoto: Anyway... There's an even bigger problem. They promised to help me find models for my novel, but something went wrong with that, too.
Fukumoto: But if I'm lucky enough to meet Cyno at the café, how should I even introduce myself to him? What a dilemma...
Fukumoto: But there hasn't been any update on Genius Invokation TCG, and Cyno can only be playing the old version.
Fukumoto: But they're so busy. I don't think I can count on them for a while...
Fukumoto: Cyno, your play style is so... slow and deliberate...
Fukumoto: Eh!? I—I'm not very good at it, so uh... Traveler! You're definitely better than me!
Fukumoto: Eh? Playing with... with you? I'd love to, but the truth is...
Fukumoto: For example, a Haravatat researcher suddenly asked a question one day.
Fukumoto: Great! Traveler, quickly! Help me take some pictures!
Fukumoto: Hahaha! I'm getting excited just thinking about it! But we don't have time for this right now...
Fukumoto: He said Cyno sometimes goes to Puspa Café to play cards.
Fukumoto: He said that if the effect descriptions on the cards are too long, it might discourage people who aren't used to reading long blocks of text from playing the game.
Fukumoto: Heh, just trust my instincts on the market. But now's not a good time to explain...
Fukumoto: Hello, General Mahamatra. I don't suppose you've heard of me...
Fukumoto: I guess I'll go myself and see if I can find Cyno.
Fukumoto: I'll do my best, Cyno...
Fukumoto: I'm going to create an all-new way of playing. For instance... I could get all cards to be suspended mid-air on the field. Players will have to collect cards as they consider their next move, all the while preventing their opponent from collecting cards themselves...
Fukumoto: I'm truly honored!
Fukumoto: If I want... I can try my luck there first. Or maybe they'll help me get in touch when they're free.
Fukumoto: It's not a problem to me... But the researchers are still working hard on this issue. After all, it's about the player's experience, and the fewer problems, the better.
Fukumoto: Look at his outfit, his hairstyle, and that hair color... This is exactly what a protagonist in a card game novel should look like!
Fukumoto: Really!? That's amazing! But how did you... Uh, you know what? I'm not gonna pry further.
Fukumoto: Really? That's great. I'm working on the third book of "King of Invokations," and this time, I'm not going to base it on the gameplay mechanics of Genius Invokation TCG.
Fukumoto: Remember? I told you earlier about a researcher who said they'd introduce me to Tighnari and Cyno, and ask them to be the inspirations for my novel.
Fukumoto: Researchers are used to reading large chunks of text and aren't affected by this issue, but the long descriptions could very well turn potential players away.
Fukumoto: Shh... I—Isn't that Cyno?
Fukumoto: So he suggested cutting the amount of text on some cards in half to make them easier to read.
Fukumoto: Sorry! Uh... I'm...
Fukumoto: Thank you very much, Cyno. I'll be sure to send you a copy of the novel as soon as it's published.
Fukumoto: The researcher who received me was not able to help me with this, but he gave me an idea.
Fukumoto: This has been a big help. I'm sure Asagiri will make an excellent illustration!
Fukumoto: Traveler, please ask Cyno to be the model for my novel... I'm counting on you!
Fukumoto: Traveler? *sigh* Don't even mention the novel. Those researchers working on Genius Invokation TCG are barely holding it together.
Fukumoto: Uh, Cyno, the two decks you're holding are...?
Fukumoto: What are we waiting for then? Let's head to Puspa Café right now! Hope we'll be able to catch Cyno...
Fukumoto: Yes, yes! Wonderful! You're just like the main character in my novel!
You take several pictures of Cyno very quickly...
You tell Cyno about Fukumoto's request...