 How did you find this place...?
 How's your Concresoil coming along?
 Leave it to me.
 Quest DescriptionAkim seems to be troubled by something...
 So you've made progress in your soil research?
 What about other materials?
Akim: I have made purchases from different channels or asked others for help.
Akim: I just didn't expect that Slime Condensate could run out so quickly...
 What about other materials?
Akim: I've made purchases through various means and asked others for help.
Akim: But I'm out of this particular type of soil. I really should have stored more of it...
 What is Adri, anyway?
 What's going on?
 Why is it so far away...
Akim starts to mix the soil...
Akim: (Anyways, my experiments have finally yielded results.)
Akim: (How's this possible! Where did it go wrong!?)
Akim: (Slime Condensate... If I had any other choices, I wouldn't use it.)
Akim: *sigh* Anyway, I have to go fix those cracks for them.
Akim: *sigh* I'm just not smart enough. If it was those wise folks, they would have definitely come up with more good ideas...
Akim: *sigh* There's something wrong with my Concresoil...
Akim: *sigh* Where did it all go wrong...
Akim: Ah! It's... it's you, Traveler...
Akim: Ahem, anyway, please help me send this pot of soil to Nima.
Akim: Amazing, actually! As it turns out, this soil can be used for a wide variety of purposes.
Akim: But I'm out of this particular type of soil. I really should have stored more of it...
Akim: But there seems to be a lot of monsters over there too, so  wouldn't dare to go myself...
Akim: By making small adjustment to the mix ratio, I can even build houses with this soil.
Akim: Could you please help me look for some fertile soil this time?
Akim: Critically, I've ran out of Slime Condensate. Traveler, could you please bring me three more portions of Slime Condensate?
Akim: Did you get the soil?
Akim: Did you get the soil?
(Give Akim the soil)
Akim: Did you get those pots of Concresoil back?
(Submit Discarded "Concresoil" ×3)
Akim: Even the Whopperflower soil has run out... Traveler, could you please go and get me some more of that?
Akim: For example, it can be used to make pottery and fix cracks in houses.
Akim: For example, perhaps the soil can also be highly water-retentive and nutrient-rich...
Akim: Give me a second while I mix the Concresoil...
Akim: He even gave these pot warriors a name, called Ad... Well, forget it, I don't remember.
Akim: He has been waiting for it for ages.
Akim: He said that he enjoys growing flowers and the thing that troubles him most is finding the right soil.
Akim: Hmm... I'd better mix it with some other soil types...
Akim: How could this happen? Do I need to adjust the ratio again...
Akim: However... I'm running low on materials due to a surge in orders.
Akim: I asked around, of course. It's a little out of the way, but they say the soil there is very fertile.
Akim: I found it worth researching, so I'm looking for other materials to further upgrade my Concresoil.
Akim: I have made purchases from different channels or asked others for help.
Akim: I just didn't expect that Slime Condensate could run out so quickly...
Akim: I still need more materials...
Akim: I'll go to the other places to retrieve the Concresoil. You should hurry too. I'm counting on you.
Akim: I'll mark the location of the soil on the map for you.
Akim: I'm counting on you, Traveler!
Akim: I'm thinking that there might be other ways to improve the Concresoil...
Akim: I've made purchases through various means and asked others for help.
Akim: Knowing that I've made such improvements to the Concresoil, he asked me if I could devise a version of it for flowers.
Akim: Many customers who have built their kitchens using Concresoil have reported cracking after only a few days.
Akim: Nima told me he wanted to make a group of talking "pot warriors" that can roll over enemies and have all sorts of magical powers.
Akim: Okay, it's done. Please take the soil to Nima.
Akim: Once his pot warriors are complete, maybe he will appoint us both "pot generals" as well!
(Obtain Special "Concresoil" for Toys)
Akim: Perhaps the temperature grew so high that some parts of the soil just failed to work?
Akim: Please take these as your reward.
Akim: So I thought, why not give him the soil as a toy gift?
Akim: So, Traveler, could you please fetch three more portions of Slime Condensate for me?
Akim: Thank you, these should last me for a while.
Akim: Thank you. Don't forget, it's the soil where Whopperflowers grow that we're looking for!
Akim: Thank you. I'll evaluate this batch of soil.
Akim: Thank you. Then I have all the materials I need for now.
Akim: The power of these warriors will vary with the materials stuffed in their pot bodies.
Akim: The soil needs to have good permeability and adequate nutrients. Plus, it should be water retentive but not soggy...
Akim: There were too many people needing repairs for me to take all the scraped Concresoil away, so I asked them to just keep it in some pots. And ah, there were very many pots indeed...
Akim: This child is... um... unusually imaginative.
Akim: This is exactly what I'm looking for! Thank you so much.
Akim: This way, he can make his own pot warriors and command them like a general!
Akim: Traveler! Thank goodness you're here. I was just in need of someone's help!
Akim: Traveler, could you please help me collect the used Concresoil from this house, while I go to another one?
Akim: Traveler, have you obtained the Slime Condensate?
Akim: Ugh, this is awful. Where did I go wrong...
Akim: Ugh, why is making the ideal soil so hard?
Akim: Unfortunately, I can't really make pot warriors with magical powers. But still, it's an interesting idea.
Akim: Was it the mix ratio? Or the lack of experimental trials...
Akim: Well... I don't think I could call it "progress," but a customer of mine did give me some useful advice.
Akim: Well... as fertile as it is, this soil is pretty weighty, and it doesn't seem to have great permeability...
Akim: With a small adjustment of the mix ratio, I can even build houses with this soil.
Nima: After Adri is done, I'll make Ivar, his adjutant, and Lasson, his disciple.
Nima: Didn't Akim tell you about it, (Mister/Miss)?
Nima: He is a kind warrior with a good temper. When he awakens as a pot warrior, the first thing he will do is to apologize to the grass under him.
Nima: Hello, (Mister/Miss), what can I do for you?
Nima: His power is... is...
Nima: I'm making some pot warriors. Adri is gonna be the first and the best of them!
Nima: I—I haven't decided on it yet... but you'll be the first to know once I have!
Nima: Now I can make "Adri"!
Nima: The three of them... no, the three pot warriors... They will embark on a long, long journey...
Nima: Wow, this must be the soil that can make everything. Just like Akim told me!
Nima: Yay! Thank you, (Mister/Miss)!
Paimon: Fertile soil... Fertile soil... It should be around here somewhere.
Paimon: Is this filled with Concresoil? That sure would explain the weight...
Paimon: Is this the pot we're looking for? Ergh, it's full of lumpy soil on the inside...
Paimon: Let's bring the soil back to Akim!
Paimon: Look at those Whopperflowers over there. Time to beat 'em like we always do!
Paimon: Look over there. The vegetation is really lush. That means that the soil under those planted must be very fertile, right?
Paimon: Okay, let's go over there and dig some out to bring back.
Paimon: Okay, this should do it. Let's get it back to Akim.
Paimon: This pot looks so heavy... How much Concresoil is in there?
Paimon: This should be enough.
Paimon: This should be the place. Paimon remembers Akim saying that the Concresoil is stored in some pots... Let's have a look around.