 No problem.
 Qishan knows about shipbuilding?
Rafiq: Oh, she does. She's even faster than me when it comes to certain calculations, actually.
Rafiq: I have no idea why she wants to be a helper here, really...
 Quest DescriptionRafiq's design has entered its final stretch...
 What are you guys arguing about?
Paimon: That's three already. This should be enough.
Paimon: There are extras anyway. How about we take another two pieces?
Qishan: (Forget it. He won't listen.)
Qishan: ...That's why I'd submit that we can't scrimp too much on material in this area.
Qishan: ...You'll have to have your life jackets on ready when you test the ship.
Qishan: Argh, I've told you this before. Many problems cannot simply be solved by calculation...
Qishan: But if you really want to go into the water...
Qishan: Forget it, he's surely not going to listen to me...
Qishan: The "strength" that you're talking about only exists in theory.
Qishan: The material strengths required for the hull, as per Rafiq's calculations, are indeed correct based on the theoretical data alone.
Qishan: The ship will have to withstand pressure while in the water, and that will be way more than the numbers you have here.
Rafiq: (*sigh* There's nothing I can do with an empty pocket.)
Rafiq: Anyway! Let's just follow my plan for this ship for now. I've already purchased all the materials.
Rafiq: But Qishan stubbornly claims that the calculated strength is not necessarily reliable...
Rafiq: But this material is really unexpectedly heavy...
Rafiq: Don't worry, its strength is good enough. I've done the necessary calculations many times.
Rafiq: I have no idea why she wants to be a helper here, really...
Rafiq: I understand the logic, but my finances are limited, and...
Rafiq: I'll start working as soon as possible. This won't take long, so this ship should be ready for a seaworthiness test soon.
Rafiq: I'm leaving it to you then, as I have calculations to work with. I'll fetch the rest after I'm done...
Rafiq: I've done plenty of calculations, and I can guarantee that every area has enough strength.
Rafiq: If I buy more expensive materials, I will only be able to finish the keel of this ship at most... *cough*!
Rafiq: Oh! Thanks, Traveler. Here's your payment.
Rafiq: Oh, it will be fine, for sure! Have some faith in me.
Rafiq: Oh, it's you. We're discussing the design problems of that ship of mine.
Rafiq: Oh, she does. She's even faster than me when it comes to certain calculations, actually.
Rafiq: So? Have you finished moving the materials over?
(Submit Rafiq's Shipbuilding Materials ×3)
Rafiq: Traveler, if you're willing, could you help me carry some materials? I can't carry them all by myself...
Rafiq: We are running out of budget. We'd better save some money...