 Can you really do this...?
 Leave it to me.
Rafiq: I'll leave it in your hands then! I have to hurry to repair another ship now...
 Quest DescriptionRafiq seems to be quite disturbed by some design issues with his ship...
 What are you talking about?
 Why don't you go yourself?
Rafiq: I'd like to do it myself, but I was asked to repair another ship, which needs to go out to sea again to fish...
Rafiq: So I can only leave it to you, Traveler!
 Yes, I have...
Paimon: It seems okay here...
Paimon: This could be problematic... Gotta tell him quick.
Rafiq: (I'm never gonna finish all this work....)
Rafiq: *Sigh* I'd better go talk to him. His life is definitely more important when compared to Mora...
Rafiq: *sigh* To be honest, I just don't have the Mora, but I still want to build a good ship.
Rafiq: Ah, hello. I'm studying a ship design problem and I've now hit a bottleneck.
Rafiq: But it's going to cost a lot to repair these structures. The owner of that ship... I remember that person is always on a tight budget...
Rafiq: Hahaha, you might not believe it, but a lot of people actually do this.
Rafiq: I happen to be researching this very topic, so perhaps I can find some inspiration from it.
Rafiq: I knew it, doing it this way is more expensive...
Rafiq: I see. Those structures where tricks have been used to cut costs are problematic, as expected.
Rafiq: I'd like to do it myself, but I was asked to repair another ship, which needs to go out to sea again to fish...
Rafiq: I'll give it to you straight. I want to make ships carry more things without raising their cost.
Rafiq: I'll leave it in your hands then! I have to hurry to repair another ship now...
Rafiq: If the weight is too great, the structure becomes more prone to breakage. Uneven weight distribution affects balance, and so on...
Rafiq: So I can only leave it to you, Traveler!
Rafiq: So for some problems that would normally be solved with Mora, I must instead find some technical means to circumvent them.
Rafiq: So many to deal with every day, *sigh*...
Rafiq: So, have you finished checking the ship?
Rafiq: Thanks to this principle, our ship repair business does well every day.
Rafiq: The best way to solve these problems is to use better materials, but if we do, we risk incurring greater costs. This is the crux of the issue.
Rafiq: The ships we build are shoreline fishing boats after all. They will not encounter any storms.
Rafiq: Traveler, if you're willing, please help me go check the ship over there that just returned to port. It seems to be having some problems because it often carries heavy loads.
Rafiq: When it comes to shipbuilding, we subscribe to the principle of saving whatever costs can be saved, and fixing and mending whatever we can... So long as it can be used, we will improvise.
You describe the condition of the ship.