 Oh, now I'm slightly annoyed.
 Oh, so that's why you asked me to come here, eh?
 Quest DescriptionAt last, Rafiq's design has entered its testing phase...
 What's a load test?
Paimon: All loaded. Safe and sound!
Paimon: The ship is tilting! What's going on?
Paimon: Whoa! The ship's sprung a leak over there!
Qishan: (*sigh* Fingers crossed that everything goes smoothly.)
Qishan: And you haven't even taken into account the center of gravity shift that will occur on the ship due to weather and cargo as it navigates.
Qishan: Best you try to make your wallet happy instead.
Qishan: But being happy for you isn't going to help you build the ship.
Qishan: Don't get carried away. We're just at phase one of the load test.
Qishan: Huh? Is this ship really capable of carrying such heavy things...
Qishan: Just leave it to me, and remember to buy me coffee after this.
Qishan: Nearly all?
Qishan: So, when do we start this load test?
Qishan: Well paid, you say...
Qishan: What did I say? The theoretical data you used is too extreme to be reliable.
Qishan: You say it like I wasn't already helping before...
Rafiq: (It'll be alright. It's gotta be alright... I hope... it'll be alright.)
Rafiq: *sigh* I... I... Fine.
Rafiq: Alright! That should be it. Let's see what will happen...
Rafiq: And you, Traveler, as I observed previously, are most able-bodied. Surely such a gig is a piece of cake to you...
Rafiq: Eh? Uh, well, I did spend nearly all that Mora on the ship...
Rafiq: I still have some left! Don't worry, I can still buy you some coffee...
Rafiq: I'll go back and redo my calculations. Qishan, could you help me with them?
Rafiq: In a nutshell, we test the load capacity of the ship using heavy objects.
Rafiq: Let's not rush. The Traveler is here, so we may start soon.
Rafiq: Look, Qishan, my design and calculations are immaculate!
Rafiq: Move the stuff off now! Something's gone wrong!
Rafiq: My calculation worked out perfectly, just as I thought!
Rafiq: Oh, Traveler, this is your payment. Please take it.
Rafiq: Qishan, can't you just be happy for me once?
Rafiq: Thanks for your help, Traveler. Please take this as compensation for your trouble.
Rafiq: The load capacity of this ship is out of the question! Don't worry!
Rafiq: There are no structural problems with the hull... The waterline is stable, too. No tipping.
Rafiq: There will be generous rewards, I promise! I just helped a guy fix his large ship days ago. It was a pretty well-paying job, too!
Rafiq: This means that someone is going to have to move the stuff onto the ship with me.
Rafiq: This shouldn't have happened... I did my calculations with so much precision!
Rafiq: Traveler! You're just in time. I just launched the ship. It's steady as she goes, as they say.
Rafiq: Ugh... I'll consider those factors. But please, just let me enjoy this moment.
Rafiq: Well then, Traveler, let's get this started! To the ship!
Rafiq: Well... Ugh, I can't do this on my own, so I could only ask you to help out.
Rafiq: What the... Where did I go wrong?
Rafiq: What!?
Rafiq: Whew... We're lucky that there weren't too many things to move.
Rafiq: Yes! It worked out!
You rid the ship of heavy items together with Rafiq in a hurry...