
......Froderock Fronkonsteen's order of one batch of Energy Transformation Capacitors, three batches of Fire-Water, and three batches of sweet Fontaine wine has reached the warehouse and awaits futher orders.
......Professor Froderock cannot function if he does not drink wine, so we must take care to ensure that the six batches of alcohol remain in good condition...

Note Regarding an Exchange of Goods
...As per usual, our exchange will be carried out at the withered tree behind the mountain, and on the subject of "Benben," the special object inquired about previously, the problem does seem to be related to an inability to self-circulate due to a lack of energy...
...It just needs to be charged using energy obtained from Elemental Conversion, and its functions should return. As for a receptacle for that conversion and charging process, there is no need to worry. We can hand something over as part of the deal...
...However, we hope you could bring along that special object "Benben." Our researchers are quite interested in it, and it could be used as reference material for our research...
 ...
 Because of Benben, right?
 Don't get in our way ever again!
 He might've never received them.
Jeht: Ah, I know what you mean! The transaction hasn't even taken place!
 How did it come to this...
 It's bad luck you ran into us.
 Keep up the imposing tone, Paimon!
 Let's get going right now!
 Let's raid the Fatui!
Paimon: Yup yup! This won't be our first time!
 No longer of any value... What does that mean?
Fatui Negotiator: I don't know... I really don't! That has to do with the internal workings of the desert folks... But if I had to guess, it might've been because she thought we were no longer trustworthy...
Fatui Negotiator: ...And so she began to keep her distance, and Aderfi, who had been in frequent contact with us, was very distressed because of that...
Fatui Negotiator: After all, we can always leave this wretched place when needed. Aderfi, on the other hand, will be used by the tribe until he's no longer 'of value'. His life is virtually in their hands.
 No need to thank me, Benben.
 Quest DescriptionThough Jeht made quick work of Aderfi, who had been a traitor to the Tanit tribe, you can't help but wonder how Benben's doing after being entrusted to him...
 Spit it out!
 Sumeru researchers?
Jeht: It's the Fatui!
 The Fatui!
Jeht: Precisely. Who else could it be?
 Then get moving!
 Then let's not wait any longer...
 They might be hidden somewhere.
Jeht: Doesn't look like it. If they were meant for repairing Benben, why would he try to hide them? Wouldn't it be more intuitive to use them right away?
Jeht: Aha, I know! It must be because the transaction hasn't occurred yet!
 This... business you're doing in the desert. What is it?
Fatui Negotiator: ...It's top secret.
 ...
Paimon: See, now (Traveler)'s mad! You wouldn't want to mess with (him!/her!)
Fatui Negotiator: Ugh...! Alright, alright! Please don't get mad, I'll tell! But it's... it's not like I know the full story...
Fatui Negotiator: We were asked to investigate the current situation of various desert tribes. After infiltrating them through making business offers, we aimed to attract the Sages' attention... and ultimately work to the benefit of the Lord Harbinger in Sumeru City.
Fatui Negotiator: Professor Froderock was looking for live specimens in the desert — he always defied The Doctor's orders... That's just pure jealousy, if you ask me.
Fatui Negotiator: Ahem, I've gone too far... Anyway, Aderfi had been our point of contact, and he was in charge of everything that had to do with trade.
 We'll be back real quick.
 What's wrong with Benben?
 Yeah!
Paimon: Yeah! Let's raid the Fatui!
 Yep. Now hand over the Capacitors.
 You stay here with Benben.
......Froderock Fronkonsteen's order of one batch of Energy Transformation Capacitors, three batches of Fire-Water, and three batches of sweet Fontaine wine has reached the warehouse and awaits futher orders.
......Professor Froderock cannot function if he does not drink wine, so we must take care to ensure that the six batches of alcohol remain in good condition...
...As per usual, our exchange will be carried out at the withered tree behind the mountain, and on the subject of "Benben," the special object inquired about previously, the problem does seem to be related to an inability to self-circulate due to a lack of energy...
...However, we hope you could bring along that special object "Benben." Our researchers are quite interested in it, and it could be used as reference material for our research...
...It just needs to be charged using energy obtained from Elemental Conversion, and its functions should return. As for a receptacle for that conversion and charging process, there is no need to worry. We can hand something over as part of the deal...
Benben connects to the Energy Transformation Capacitors and quickly extracts energy from them.
Benben: (Benben lies still on the ground without making any of its familiar beeping sounds.)
Benben: Beep!
Benben: Beep-beeep.
Benben: Beep-beep! Beep-beep!
Benben: Beep-beep...
Benben: Beep... Bee-eep...
Benben: Beep... Beep-beep...
Fatui Negotiator: ...And so she began to keep her distance, and Aderfi, who had been in frequent contact with us, was very distressed because of that...
Fatui Negotiator: ...It's top secret.
Fatui Negotiator: ...They're at a camp not far away from here. Here's the key to its entrance... I've told you everything I know...
Fatui Negotiator: After all, we can always leave this wretched place when needed. Aderfi, on the other hand, will be used by the tribe until he's no longer 'of value'. His life is virtually in their hands.
Fatui Negotiator: Ahem, I've gone too far... Anyway, Aderfi had been our point of contact, and he was in charge of everything that had to do with trade.
Fatui Negotiator: Alright, alright, I'll make myself scarce.
(Obtain Fatui Stronghold Key)
Fatui Negotiator: And I don't know why, but it seems like Azariq has gone missing too...
Fatui Negotiator: And now the rumors say he's gotten himself in trouble... We weren't sure what exactly happened, but we saw it as a window of opportunity...
Fatui Negotiator: But he was extremely cunning. He somehow made us fulfill his every request, while we, on the other hand, never heard anything of the items we asked for...
Fatui Negotiator: Hold on... Did you just say "too"?
Fatui Negotiator: I don't know... I really don't! That has to do with the internal workings of the desert folks... But if I had to guess, it might've been because she thought we were no longer trustworthy...
Fatui Negotiator: If we could get a hold of that Primal Construct before we left this place for good, we would've still gained something...
Fatui Negotiator: No. The Energy Transformation Capacitors are very real, and there's a whole batch of them. They seem to be ancient relics, so we're not sure if any of them are still functional...
Fatui Negotiator: Our business in the desert area never went according to plan, until... until we struck the deal with Aderfi.
Fatui Negotiator: Please have mercy... We're gonna get killed if you keep this up...
Fatui Negotiator: Professor Froderock was looking for live specimens in the desert — he always defied The Doctor's orders... That's just pure jealousy, if you ask me.
Fatui Negotiator: P—Please stop...
Fatui Negotiator: That woman is cruel. She considers everyone who's no longer of any value to the tribe an eyesore... so Aderfi contacted us in order to maintain his status.
Fatui Negotiator: Ugh...! Alright, alright! Please don't get mad, I'll tell! But it's... it's not like I know the full story...
Fatui Negotiator: We assumed that there wouldn't be many opportunities for us to trade with Aderfi in the future, so we asked him to bring the special Primal Construct he mentioned in his letters...
Fatui Negotiator: We were asked to investigate the current situation of various desert tribes. After infiltrating them through making business offers, we aimed to attract the Sages' attention... and ultimately work to the benefit of the Lord Harbinger in Sumeru City.
Fatui Negotiator: W—We always had dealings with Aderfi... A—And it sounded like the Matriarch of the Tanit had a bias for Azariq... and the new girl.
Fatui Negotiator: Y—Yes, I'll tell you everything! Anything you want to know!
Fatui: You're not Aderfi. Who are you?
Jeht: (...Benben has finally recovered! Oh Benben...)
Jeht: (...In that case, Benben will definitely be saved!)
Jeht: ...
Jeht: A letter? Let's open it up and see what's written inside!
Jeht: Aderfi didn't bring Benben to the transaction, so there shouldn't be any Energy Transformation Capacitors here anyway... There's only one question left: who did he strike the deal with?
Jeht: After leaving Khaj-Nisut, Benben gradually grew weaker... It looked like its parts were malfunctioning, and the sound of its beeps was getting lower...
Jeht: Ah, I know what you mean! The transaction hasn't even taken place!
Jeht: Aha, I know! It must be because the transaction hasn't occurred yet!
Jeht: And even mechanical creatures like Benben get tired. Maybe it ran low on energy after doing so much for us.
Jeht: And... even though they're just a bunch of Fatui, you should still be careful...
Jeht: Anyway, I need to check on Benben as soon as possible.
Jeht: At that time, no one in the tribe knew what was going on with Benben except Aderfi.
Jeht: At the very least, Benben's still here with us. I'm sure we'll find a way to fix it, sooner or later...
Jeht: Benben?
Jeht: But Benben... We can't carry it with us in its current state, so we can't take it to the transaction site...
Jeht: But thanks to that, nothing bad happened to Benben.
Jeht: Could it be...
Jeht: Did he really think he'd overturn the Matriarch and return to his tent safe and sound...? What a self-absorbed idiot.
Jeht: Doesn't look like it. If they were meant for repairing Benben, why would he try to hide them? Wouldn't it be more intuitive to use them right away?
Jeht: Don't parrot me, Paimon!
Jeht: Energy Transformation Capacitors... I hope Benben will recover once we get them...
Jeht: Even though Benben has woken up, it still looks like it could use some rest...
Jeht: Even though Benben was lying still without saying anything, it knows everything you've done.
Jeht: Ha, that was a dumb question for me to ask. There's only one group outside the tribe he'll have dealings like this with...
Jeht: Hey, I wasn't worried! I knew you'd recover, no matter what!
Jeht: Hmm, let me think. I remember Aderfi telling me that whatever's wrong with Benben, it's nothing too serious, and that it should be fixed within a few days...
Jeht: Hmm... It looks like there's nothing useful here...
Jeht: How was it? You didn't get into trouble, right?
Jeht: How... how could I forget...
Jeht: Huh, so this is what Energy Transformation Capacitors look like... But how are we supposed to use them?
Jeht: I don't really wanna stay here in this traitor's tent with Benben though. I'll take it to my place.
Jeht: I hope it's not too late. We should at least search around his tent...
Jeht: I really wanna go myself, but... (Traveler), Paimon, I'm counting on you to help Benben recover!
Jeht: I'm glad Aderfi didn't get to take Benben away...
Jeht: I'm going to his tent because...
Jeht: If it really was "nothing too serious", maybe we could even try fixing Benben ourselves!
Jeht: If you're still unsure, I can go with you!
Jeht: It isn't safe to leave it alone either. I don't wanna put it in a risky situation ever again.
Jeht: It's the Fatui!
Jeht: I—I didn't know he was a traitor!
Jeht: Knowing him, if he performed some kind of investigation, he would've definitely left records behind. Let's have a look around the area!
Jeht: Let's meet up in my tent after you retrieve the Capacitors!
Jeht: Mm...
Jeht: No, I'm not interested in his stuff at all.
Jeht: Oh, yeah! (Traveler), Benben says thank you.
Jeht: Okay. I'll wait for your good news... Please stay safe!
Jeht: Or perhaps you could say that everything here looks exactly the same as before.
Jeht: Paimon and (Traveler)... You came just in time. There's something I gotta do right now... I need to go to Aderfi's place.
Jeht: Precisely. Who else could it be?
Jeht: Silly Paimon. Benben just woke up from a long nap, that's all!
Jeht: So I left Benben in his care...
Jeht: The letter mentioned something called Energy Transformation Capacitors, but I didn't see anything like that in the tent.
Jeht: The tribe has its own rules on dealing with the belongings of traitors like Aderfi. Hmph... if it weren't for the rules, I would no doubt burn everything down the first chance I get.
Jeht: Then it couldn't make any sounds or move at all. It felt as if I was watching its life slowly drain out.
Jeht: What else? There's no negotiating with the Fatui. We go to the transaction site and steal the Capacitors from them!
Note Regarding an Exchange of Goods
On Language and Rhetoric (IV): (A book mangled from how many times it's been read. Seems like it held quite the rapt audience)
On Language and Rhetoric (IV): (You notice that the bottom of the title page has an emblem belonging to the Akademiya Library... Perhaps this book is among those that have been smuggled.)
Paimon: (Traveler), we should go with her!
Paimon: According to our map, this should be the stop where the deal's gonna take place.
Paimon: Aderfi?
Paimon: An opportunity for what?
Paimon: Anyway, what happened to Benben? Everything seemed fine the last time we saw it...
Paimon: Argh... Don't tell Paimon the Energy Transformation Capacitors are all made up!
Paimon: But there's nothing we can work with...
Paimon: Doesn't look like investigation records to Paimon. It looks more like... a letter.
Paimon: Doesn't look like there's anyone here now, though. Let's sit over there and wait for a while, shall we?
Paimon: Don't worry! Just leave it to us!
Paimon: Everything went as smooth as it could! Look! We got the Energy Transformation Capacitors!
(Submit Energy Transformation Capacitor ×3)
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon will! ...Hey, (Traveler), don't change the subject!
Paimon: Hey look, there's something over here.
Paimon: Hmph. "I don't wanna put it in a risky situation ever again..."
Paimon: Huh, so you're here to steal stuff too? No wonder we couldn't find any goods OR the Energy Transformation Capacitors!
Paimon: Is anything else the matter?
Paimon: Isn't he that traitor who made shady deals with the Fatui? ...Oh, Paimon knows! You wanna go see if there's any valuable stuff he left behind!
Paimon: Jehhht... Why did you leave Benben with someone like him?
Paimon: Jeht!
Paimon: Jeht! ...What's going on? Are you going somewhere?
Paimon: Let's go back and talk to Jeht!
Paimon: Look, it's Benben!
Paimon: Look, it's the Fatui!
Paimon: Looks like that's the spot. Let's get in there and look around!
Paimon: Looks like this is the Energy Transformation Capacitor. The Fatui said there are a lot of them. Let's see if there's any more...
Paimon: Now that Paimon thinks about it, Benben opened the gates to the Mausoleum of King Deshret for us and activated our clearance... It really helped a lot during our journey.
Paimon: Oh no... Is Benben gonna stay like this forever...?
Paimon: Ohh! Oh no, Benben's still over there at Aderfi's place!
Paimon: Paimon and (Traveler) will go raid the Fatui! You just wait here with Benben.
Paimon: Right! Have a good rest, Benben!
Paimon: See, now (Traveler)'s mad! You wouldn't want to mess with (him!/her!)
Paimon: Speak up! Tell us where the Capacitors are!
Paimon: Sure sounds convincing coming from the one who's been beaten.
Paimon: Talk!
Paimon: Tell us where these Energy Transformation Capacitors are!
Paimon: The letter says Benben simply ran out of energy...
Paimon: Then start with what you know!
Paimon: There's so many Energy Transformation Capacitors. We should be able to find a few that are still working...
Paimon: What should we do now?
Paimon: Whoa! We resurrected Benben!
Paimon: Woohoo! Let's go steal them!
Paimon: Yeah! Let's raid the Fatui!
Paimon: Yeah, why is it lying on the ground...?
Paimon: Yeah... Paimon hopes Benben's okay...
Paimon: You call this "nothing bad"? Ohh, poor Benben...
Paimon: Yup yup! This won't be our first time!
Pursina's Essays: 26: (True knowledge is not something that can be drawn casually from the Akasha. Instead, the desert-dwellers get a more comprehensive education during their long walks across the sands...)
Pursina's Essays: 26: (You notice that the bottom of the title page has an emblem belonging to the Akademiya Library... Perhaps this book is among those that have been smuggled.)