 About Aranaga...
Aragaru: Aranaga is the eldest and most interesting of us three! He can say a lot of funny things and he knows a lot about Nara.
Aragaru: But he also forgot a lot about Nara... The three of us all have lots of things we can't remember. Some are scattered like pollen in the breeze, and some are blurred...
Aragaru: But Aranaga usually knows and remembers the most. That's why we like playing with Aranaga.
Aragaru: Aranaga is right in the gardens of the Mawtiyima Forest, watching over Mawtiyima. You'll definitely find him if you go there!
 Can you understand them?
Paimon: ...Paimon can't hear anything.
 I don't think this sort of thing can be learned...
 I see...
 I want to learn, too.
 It must be hard to find.
 It's so quiet here...
Paimon: Yeah, a little bit too quiet... Paimon is having goosebumps...
 Paimon, you got the name right this time.
Paimon: Heehee, Baaaarsaaam Flooower! Impressive, huh?
 Quest DescriptionIt seems that the Aranara you suddenly encountered has something important to say. Talk to him.
 Quest DescriptionLook for Aragaru upon Aranakin's request.
 So cold.
 So moist.
 So noisy...
Paimon: Hey!
 So, that's why...
 Step DescriptionAccording to what Aranakin said, Aragaru has been waiting for a long time. Help him look for Arahaoma's formula.
 Step DescriptionAll the work is done. You can now pick the Barsam Flower for Aragaru.
 Step DescriptionAragaru learns the location of the Barsam Flower from the drawings on the rock walls. Go with Aragaru to its location.
 Step DescriptionIn the hands of Aragaru, the Kusava holds the power to smash stones. Use it to get rid of obstacles and mysteries along your path.
 Step DescriptionLook for the Barsam Flower with Aragaru and learn more stories along the way...
 Step DescriptionSearch for the Barsam Flower with Aragaru according to the clues you got from the drawings.
 Step DescriptionThe Aranara and the children who used to explore this place in the past have left other drawings that seem to be able to guide your path...
 Step DescriptionThe ancient and damp cave is full of Fungi that must be defeated in order for you to keep advancing...
 Step DescriptionThe cave seems to hold many more secrets...
 Step DescriptionThe cave seems to hold many secrets, all waiting to be uncovered by you and Aragaru via exploration.
 Step DescriptionThe damp and ancient cave is full of Fungi that need to be defeated in order for you to keep advancing...
 Step DescriptionThe location of the Barsam Flower is known as the Realm of Khab. It is said to be the place where the dreams of the Barsam Flower gather...
 Step DescriptionThere must be a way to break the seal and awaken the Barsam Flower. Perhaps the secret to breaking the seal lies in the Realm of Khab...
 Step DescriptionTo break the seal on the Barsam Flower, you need to use the Kusava to awaken the power of plants to break the stones.
 Step DescriptionYou saw some flashing drawings while you were surrounded by stumbling Fungi. Aragaru must know what they mean.
 The Barsam Flower is here...
Paimon: Hmm... Why does it look so odd...?
 We have the Zohrah Mushroom. (if Starry Night Chapter was completed first)
Aragaru: Yes, thanks to Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty! If it were Aranaga, he'd definitely say, "Just like Nara Varuna, you are..."
Aragaru: Hehe, that is to say, Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty are amazing!
Aragaru: Go find my friend Aranaga. He surely has something that needs your help! You can find him in the Mawtiyima Forest!
Paimon: All right, we got it!
 We need two more plants... (if Starry Night Chapter has not been completed)
Aragaru: Yep! I have to go back to the Mawtiyima Forest and can't accompany Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty in your search for Aranakin... But Aranakin really likes to play near Nara territories.
Aragaru: Nara and White Floaty must be careful. There are Naravaluka roaming about there. Aranakin calls them "sand"... You can't trust their words! They're bad!
Paimon: Got it. We'll be careful!
 What are you doing, Paimon?
Paimon: Paimon is trying to listen to the Barsam Flower's response!
 What's "Barsam Flower"?
Aragaru: Barsam Flower is Aranara's good friend and is born for Arahaoma. It is the source of the potion. Hmm... have to sacrifice juice to refine Arahaoma.
 What's "Kusava"?
Aragaru: Kusava holds memories and dreams. It is chubby, bitter, and full of power. It is the fruit of flowering plants, and also the seed of new life.
Aragaru: This, for you. Take good care of it. Aranara only give this to important ones, so... do not eat it!
???: Golden Nara and White Floaty, you are here! I am Aragaru!
Aragaru whispers with the Barsam Flower for a while...
Aragaru: A big cracked stone. Let me break it!
Aragaru: A big stone wrapped in vines! Let me break it!
Aragaru: Aranaga is right in the gardens of the Mawtiyima Forest, watching over Mawtiyima. You'll definitely find him if you go there!
Aragaru: Aranaga is the eldest and most interesting of us three! He can say a lot of funny things and he knows a lot about Nara.
Aragaru: Barsam Flower is Aranara's good friend and is born for Arahaoma. It is the source of the potion. Hmm... have to sacrifice juice to refine Arahaoma.
Aragaru: Barsam Flower, Barsam Flower, for Arahaoma, for Mawtiyima's revival... Please join us.
Aragaru: Because Floaty is silly.
Aragaru: Because the Realm of Khab is the Barsam Flower's dream. When the Barsam Flower wakes up, the dream will disperse into the air.
Aragaru: But Aranaga usually knows and remembers the most. That's why we like playing with Aranaga.
Aragaru: But he also forgot a lot about Nara... The three of us all have lots of things we can't remember. Some are scattered like pollen in the breeze, and some are blurred...
Aragaru: But if it's for Arahaoma, then I suppose we can be forgiven.
Aragaru: But then... wet dirt covered Nara's dreams, and new plants grew in their memories. They were dried up and reborn generation after generation... That is the kind of place we want to go.
Aragaru: Careful...! There are walking Shroom-Kin here, too!
Aragaru: Careful...! There are walking Shroom-kin here, too!
Aragaru: Does White Floaty understand?
Aragaru: Go find my friend Aranaga. He surely has something that needs your help! You can find him in the Mawtiyima Forest!
Aragaru: Golden Nara and White Floaty, you are here! I am Aragaru!
Aragaru: Great! The Barsam Flower agreed to adventure with us!
Aragaru: Heh, Aragaru can talk with vines, so the vines will make way for Aragaru! The language of vines is like singing. It's hard to learn for Nara... But if Nara wants to learn, I will teach you!
Aragaru: Hehe! Don't fret, White Floaty! Watch me.
Aragaru: Hehe, Aragaru knows where Nara and White Floaty are. Plants can also tell me where you've gone. You'll be found!
Aragaru: Hehe, that is to say, Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty are amazing!
Aragaru: Hehe, this is where Nara and Aranara recorded their stories together. Here are Aranara story, Nara story, and…
Aragaru: Hehe, whenever the moon is high up in the sky, the three of us Aranara would come here, recall stories from the past, just like Nara!
Aragaru: Hehe, yes, very strong! Hmm... But it has to be a cracked rock with green vines. Ones with no cracks, not strong enough to smash them.
Aragaru: Here, look!
Aragaru: Here... the Realm of Khab! That's the Barsam Flower's dream, where the Flower can sleep on water, floating and wobbling, with no risk of being hurt by Marana.
Aragaru: Hmm, and... the Barsam Flower said be careful with our heads.
Aragaru: Hmm... Moon comes and goes, not much left now... Walking Shroom-Kin are always inside, increasing now... This is very bad, we must hurry.
Aragaru: Hmm... That's it. There are other runes nearby. Let's go and see them.
Aragaru: Hmm... The Grandmaster of Verdure lifted the flowery vines, letting the brave Nara pass through the cave to the Realm of Khab...
Aragaru: Hmm... With the help of Aranara, the brave Nara expelled Marana together with the Barsam Flower. The dark Marana fled, vanishing in an instant...
Aragaru: It's not a drawing, it's a rune... It's a river of light, and in it are flower stems blooming with stars. The river and stars send us brave Nara.
Aragaru: Kusava holds memories and dreams. It is chubby, bitter, and full of power. It is the fruit of flowering plants, and also the seed of new life.
Aragaru: Let's go lift his seal, then talk to him!
Aragaru: Let's jump down from here. Nara and White Floaty can fly, so there's no need to worry about breaking!
Aragaru: Marana is growing, bigger and bigger. Forests are afraid to speak, afraid to breathe... Marana wants to eat them...
Aragaru: Memory! Aranara memories can store in tubers, in seeds, can flow in leaf veins... But Nara memories are carved in the stones!
Aragaru: Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty, let's go! Follow the passage from here and we'll see the exit!
Aragaru: Nara and White Floaty must be careful. There are Naravaluka roaming about there. Aranakin calls them "sand"... You can't trust their words! They're bad!
Aragaru: Nara left the stones but didn't leave memories. Nara Varuna came here and cried for them. The place on which the tears dropped became the forest.
Aragaru: Next... I'm going to the Mawtiyima Forest, too, to prepare for the Arahaoma ritual. Let's meet there!
Aragaru: No! They're here, too! We have to hurry and drive them off or they will multiply and compete against everyone for nutrients!
Aragaru: Not scary, not scary. Plants love places Nara are scared of. So, lots of plants there.
Aragaru: Oh, right! And also Kusava!
Aragaru: Okay, if I don't forget you!
Aragaru: Over here! Over here!
Aragaru: Over here, look at this stone! I can break it!
Aragaru: Plants and mushrooms told me you would come, I have waited a very long time!
Aragaru: Protect our heads and roots, or damage will be caused when water comes...
Aragaru: See? Growing over there is the Barsam Flower!
Aragaru: Shh! Shh! Quiet, don't wake him.
Aragaru: So the weight of the water can't be withstood, and water will gush out! Whooo! Splash! Cool and refreshing.
Aragaru: The Barsam Flower is at where mushrooms grow. The place was Nara's home many, many moonrises and moonsets ago.
Aragaru: The Barsam Flower was waken up from his dream by us, he is very angry.
Aragaru: The Grandmaster of Verdure cultivated the bud of wisdom in the hearts of brave Nara and let Aranara guide them... to the glimmering water cave.
Aragaru: The Realm of Khab is up ahead, outside the cave... But we must be careful on the way there.
Aragaru: The Realm of Khab is very weak... Shroom-Kin came in, ate lots of nutrients, but the Barsam Flower is not hurt... Not yet.
Aragaru: The memories of Nara Varuna and Aranara flowed into the forest and converged into the Realm of Khab, becoming a dream... The Barsam Flower won't be harmed when it sleeps inside.
Aragaru: There are runes left by Nara and Aranara there, for not forgetting and for recalling after forgetting. Go there and find the Barsam Flower!
Aragaru: This Shroom-Kin is... so strong!
Aragaru: This Shroom-Kin is... stronger than the ones we met before!
Aragaru: This earth is where Nara sleep. Once here were stone homes Nara made. But after they fell asleep, plants came from their dreams and became owners of this place.
Aragaru: This is the Realm of Khab! This is where plants' sweet dreams hide!
Aragaru: This is the place where Nara once made their home! There are also Aranara runes here!
Aragaru: This is the place!
Aragaru: This, for you. Take good care of it. Aranara only give this to important ones, so... do not eat it!
Aragaru: To stop Marana, Aranaga is busy preparing the Arahaoma ritual. But Arahaoma... still needs the Barsam Flower.
Aragaru: Use Kusava and I can break the rock, then we can get in!
Aragaru: Watch out!
Aragaru: Watch out, Nara and White Floaty! There are big Shroom-kin popping up!
Aragaru: We have the Barsam Flower now, so next is to find the Zohrah Mushroom and the Yajna Grass before we can ask Aranaga to make the Arahaoma!
Aragaru: With Kusava, Aranara strong, strong! Can clear the path for everyone! Aragaru can smash the rocks! Hah! Yah! Boom!
Aragaru: Wow...! There are so many Fungi! They're are coming out!
Aragaru: Yay! The Barsam Flower!
Aragaru: Yep! I have to go back to the Mawtiyima Forest and can't accompany Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty in your search for Aranakin... But Aranakin really likes to play near Nara territories.
Aragaru: Yep! Right up ahead!
Aragaru: Yes! Something big, very big!!!
Aragaru: Yes, thanks to Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty! If it were Aranaga, he'd definitely say, "Just like Nara Varuna, you are..."
Aragaru: …Walking Shroom-kin!
Paimon:  Paimon doesn't understand... So the place you mentioned is up ahead?
Paimon: ...Paimon can't hear anything.
Paimon: Ahhh! *cough* *cough* *cough* W—Why did so much water gush out!? Paimon almost got drowned!
Paimon: All right, we got it!
Paimon: Aragaru is so tiny, but so strong!
Paimon: Aragaru just needs to talk to the Barsam Flower, right?
Paimon: But this is... blocked by vines? There's no way we can get in!
Paimon: Did something just hide itself inside this stone...?
Paimon: Does he need help? Let's go ask.
Paimon: Eh...? They have a story, too?
Paimon: Eh...? You know us...? Do you need us for something?
Paimon: Eh?
Paimon: Eh? Wait... What is that sound?
Paimon: Got it. We'll be careful!
Paimon: Haha, there you go! Now let's activate it!
Paimon: Heehee, Baaaarsaaam Flooower! Impressive, huh?
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: Hey, here's a cave entrance! Let's check it out!
Paimon: Hey, that is that friend Aranakin mentioned, right? Turns out he has been waiting for us here!
Paimon: Hey, whose side are you on!?
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon doesn't quite understand, but it sounds pretty scary.
Paimon: Hmm... Then let's go to the place Aragaru's talking about!
Paimon: Hmm... Then what's in this drawing?
Paimon: Hmm... There's nothing here. How strange.
Paimon: Hmm... Why does it look so odd...?
Paimon: Hmph... Let's see if you could still say the same if Paimon was washed away and never found back!
Paimon: Huh? Oh... Ehh?
Paimon: Huh? There's nothing here!
Paimon: It's getting more humid here... Is it because the seal is gone?
Paimon: Look, the gate here is open! Let's go check inside!
Paimon: Look, there's a cave entrance! Let's go check it out!
Paimon: Not really...
Paimon: Oh, it's here! Let's activate it now!
Paimon: Oh, there's a lonely little guy who doesn't seem to be afraid of us!
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Okay, we'll lift the seal. Then you can go talk to him!
Paimon: Paimon is trying to listen to the Barsam Flower's response!
Paimon: Paimon sees... But where can we find this Barsam Flower?
Paimon: Paimon wants to learn! Please do teach Paimon later, Aragaru!
Paimon: Paimon wonders if there might be something nice hidden in this stone...
Paimon: Paimon wonders what is hidden in this stone...
Paimon: Paimon's still worried, though. What should we do if it comes pouring down on us...?
Paimon: The barrier here is gone! We've lifted it!
Paimon: The exit is open! Let's get outta here!
Paimon: The vines are retreating! Let's get outta here!
Paimon: The water overhead looks pretty quiet...
Paimon: There must be something hidden inside this stone, right?
Paimon: There must be something inside the stone — you can count on that!
Paimon: This stone... Paimon just has this feeling that there's something inside...
Paimon: What does that mean?
Paimon: What!? It's empty!
Paimon: What's this...? It looks like a child's drawing... What's it supposed to be?
Paimon: Whoa, slow down. Take your time.
Paimon: Whoa, watch out! Monsters incoming!
Paimon: Wow...
Paimon: Wow... How did you do that, Aragaru? Paimon wants to learn this!
Paimon: Yay! We got the Barsam Flower!
Paimon: Yeah, a little bit too quiet... Paimon is having goosebumps...
You and Paimon, together with Aragaru, are swept away by a sudden current...