 Aaaand Paimon is defeated.
 Actually, we're the ones who don't know how to communicate with Aranara.
 Arapandu probably doesn't want to know that.
 But I have something else to do.
Arakunti: It's okay, Arakunti can go back alone.
 Can't imagine that...
 He said that he can transform into many other things.
 Hehe.
 I can probably guess.
Paimon: Amazing! So what did his words mean?
 He said that he can transform into many other things.
Paimon: Really? Don't you pull Paimon's leg, (Traveler)...
 I don't know...
 I recall Arapandu saying...
 If Paimon can't find it, then what about me?
 If it's possible. Sure.
Paimon: Don't talk nonsense, he'll think it's for real!
 Let's go.
Paimon: Right, let's head back!
You follow Arakunti back to the "rest stop"...
(Teleport to the "rest stop")
 Me neither.
Paimon: Paimon feels like she knows the meaning of each individual word, but they stop making sense once you string them together into a sentence.
 No, thanks.
Arakunti: Too bad. Seeds are nice.
 Perhaps.
 Quest DescriptionArakunti has headed to the Grove of Dreams, where a way to enter dreams is said to reside. However, the twisting roots of the great tree make finding Aranara — or anything else there really — a taxing task and then some...
 Step DescriptionAranara seem to have hidden the "leaves" in the dream...
 Step DescriptionThe links between the "branch" and the "leaves" have been restored. Go meet up with Arakunti.
 Things will surely get better.
 We will find a way to deal with Marana too.
 We'll find it if we follow the trails of Aranara, right?
 Well, how about we start from using metaphors?
Paimon: Let Paimon try! The Golden Nara is just like... like... um... like a Teyvat Fried Egg?
Paimon: ...Actually, let's just ask Arakunti directly.
 Well, that sure sounds impressive.
 What do you think, small flying thing?
Paimon: If the Golden Nara doesn't know, what would the small flying thing know? Why don't we just ask the amazing Arakunti?
Arabalika: Arabalika won't go.
Arakunti: (Her/His) melody must be the same as Nara (Traveler)'s. Listening to it will surely bring happiness.
Arakunti: A humid Grove of Dreams is good, but the "spores" are bad. The mushrooms that can run are bad too. There is also too much rain, so the mushrooms have become difficult to cook.
Arakunti: Ah, Arakunti sees. Paimon also wants to turn into a seed and be buried in the soil?
Arakunti: Arakunti has not met Nara Varuna, but Arapandu has talked a lot about (her/him).
Arakunti: Arakunti heard you. The whimpers have turned into a gentle tune, but to merge it into the great flow of sound, we still need...
Arakunti: Arakunti knows.
Arakunti: Aranakula doesn't even have half of half of Arabalika's strength.
Arakunti: Aranakula knows how to hide. The bad mushrooms definitely won't find him. Why is Arapandu worried?
Arakunti: Aranara are not unaffected. Aranara just cook mushrooms. But spores are too small and too many to catch.
Arakunti: Arapandu must be waiting for us at the "rest stop." Return with Arakunti, Nara (Traveler).
Arakunti: Arapandu said that Nara Varuna was a golden, brave Nara. Together with Aranara, (she/he) healed the Varuna Contraption, drove away the black rain and mud, and brought back the sun and moon.
Arakunti: Because one might be a tree, or rain, or a dream of Vana, or the strings of a musical instrument.
Arakunti: Because you didn't ask "where" in the first place.
Arakunti: Can different Nara have similar melodies?
Arakunti: Did Nara Varuna not return to Vana? Is Nara (Traveler) a completely different Nara?
Arakunti: Does the Golden Nara want to become a seed?
Arakunti: Humid dream, dry dream... Ding dong, tick tock, rustle... It's Vana's tune...
Arakunti: In dreams.
Arakunti: Is Nara (Traveler) Nara Varuna?
Arakunti: It's here, but it's not here. One can hear its voice, smell its breath, see its veins... But Paimon can't find it.
Arakunti: It's okay, Arakunti can go back alone.
Arakunti: Nara (Traveler) can see Aranara, and if you can see the traces of Aranara, you can find your way.
Arakunti: Nara (Traveler) has also helped Aranara to heal the Varuna Contraption, and you're a golden and brave Nara, right?
Arakunti: Nara (Traveler) turning into Paimon... is even scarier than dancing with mushrooms within Marana...
Arakunti: Nara (Traveler)? The "leaves" are in the dream, and the "branch" is here...
Arakunti: One might not be.
Arakunti: Over here, over there, and on the other side.
Arakunti: Paimon is right. It's for the sake of Festival Utsava, and for the sake of the center of the blue earth.
Arakunti: Talking to Nara and Paimon... Paimon is fun. Sadly, Paimon doesn't want to become a seed.
Arakunti: The Golden Nara can see the melody, like the cool breeze of night, the sudden fall of a raindrop, the thousand dream-fragments of a lake's broken surface.
Arakunti: The Grove of Dreams... A quiet melody, the sound of the water, the sound of birds flapping their wings, the sound of stepping onto a branch...
Arakunti: The Varuna Contraption was made by the most remarkable Aranara, so the links between the "branch" and the "leaves" are invisible yet visible.
Arakunti: The roots of a big tree. Excellent. A wet breathing can be heard, a drowsy tune.
Arakunti: Too bad. Seeds are nice.
Arakunti: We are going to heal the Varuna Contraption. Come with Arakunti, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Arakunti: When the Varuna Contraption wasn't broken, Vana didn't have so many mushrooms, so healing the Varuna Contraption could make everything better. Except Marana.
Arakunti: Why are the Golden Nara and the small flying thing here to find Arakunti?
Arakunti: Why do you want to learn? Nara is Nara, Paimon is Paimon, and Aranara is Aranara.
Arakunti: Yes.
Arakunti: You can tell Arapandu that Arakunti doesn't want to lead Paimon by the nose.
Arakunti: You can tell Arapandu that Arakunti is fine, the Grove of Dreams is fine, and the humid dreams are also fine.
Aranakula: *sob*...
Aranakula: If Aranakula was half as strong as Arabalika, Aranakula could protect the nurseries.
Arapandu: Arabalika should be back from the Ruins of Dahri soon. With Arabalika's Ararakalari, the Iron Chunks and Fungi won't be scary anymore.
Arapandu: Aranakula can be braver, like the Golden Nara. Aranakula just needs time...
Arapandu: Aranakula is at the Yasna Monument. There's so many bad mushrooms there, Arapandu's worried... Arabalika...
Arapandu: That's because Paimon isn't an Aranara.
Arapandu: The Grove of Dreams is fine now. Arabalika is in the Ruins of Dahri, but Arapandu's not worried. However, there's lots of Fungi at the Yasna Monument. Arapandu's worried about Aranakula...
Paimon: (Traveler), look! That one over there... It's probably an Aranara! Should we go over and ask him?
Paimon: ...
Paimon: ...Actually, let's just ask Arakunti directly.
Paimon: ...Or maybe not! We came here to heal the Varuna Contraption! That was close. Paimon was almost led by the nose...
Paimon: Amazing! So what did his words mean?
Paimon: And Arakunti, can't you be more clear? Where in the world are we going to find the "leaves" of the Varuna Contraption?
Paimon: Arakunti, can you tell us where each of the three "leaves" we're looking for is located?
Paimon: Arapandu told us that you're in the Grove of Dreams and he sent us to check up on you.
Paimon: Are we going to look for the "leaves" that feed energy to the Varuna Contraption in a place like this...?
Paimon: As expected of (Traveler)!
Paimon: But Arakunti isn't in the dream. Let's exit the dream and go look for him, shall we?
Paimon: But isn't Nara Varuna someone from a long time ago...?
Paimon: But now that you mention it, how do Aranara communicate, anyway?
Paimon: Can you tell us exactly how Aranara communicate with each other? We really wanna learn!
Paimon: Didn't we learn some Aranara music before? We just need to play that music and we should be able to enter the dream!
Paimon: Don't talk nonsense, he'll think it's for real!
Paimon: He said, "Arakunti's more distant from Nara." Does that mean Arakunti doesn't know how to communicate with people?
Paimon: Hehe... Wait! You're stealing Paimon's line, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Hey! Paimon's defeat is your defeat! They're the same thing! Arakunti's words can't be counted on... So how are we supposed to find those three locations?
Paimon: Hey, are you Arakunti?
Paimon: Hey, see? You can be clear after all!
Paimon: Huh... Paimon still can't understand what you're saying, Arakunti, but whatever!
Paimon: Huh... Paimon thinks that the Aranara way of communicating has hit her all of a sudden!
Paimon: Huh? What do you mean by that?
Paimon: Huh? What was that about...
Paimon: Huh? Why are you asking that all of a sudden?
Paimon: Huh? Why did he run away? Oh right, Arapandu did say that if Arakunti hid himself, you just need to play some Aranara music.
Paimon: If the Golden Nara doesn't know, what would the small flying thing know? Why don't we just ask the amazing Arakunti?
Paimon: Let Paimon try! The Golden Nara is just like... like... um... like a Teyvat Fried Egg?
Paimon: Let's give it a try. When he hears familiar music, he should know that we are friends of the Aranara!
Paimon: No! Not at all!
Paimon: Oh! That's right... We're the ones who should try to follow the local customs and learn how to communicate with them.
Paimon: Oh! Then there shouldn't be any problems now, right? Paimon hopes we can heal the Varuna Contraption soon, or Apam Woods will be full of spores... Just thinking about it makes Paimon... Achoo!
Paimon: Oh! We finally found you! You're Arakunti, aren't you?
Paimon: Oh, come on, at least give Paimon the chance to answer this time, would you?
Paimon: Okay, this should do it!
Paimon: Okay... (Traveler), let's head back and talk to Arapandu.
Paimon: Paimon can't believe that you Aranara have no reaction to spores... How are you not affected at all?
Paimon: Paimon didn't understand a word of what he just said! Did you, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Paimon doesn't want to either! What on earth is going on with this Aranara!?
Paimon: Paimon feels like she knows the meaning of each individual word, but they stop making sense once you string them together into a sentence.
Paimon: Paimon's not some small flying thing! Wait, Paimon actually is a flying... Argh! Anyway, Paimon's... Paimon!
Paimon: P—Paimon can't believe she understood that!
Paimon: Really? Don't you pull Paimon's leg, (Traveler)...
Paimon: Right, let's head back!
Paimon: Speaking of which, Arapandu did say that there was a "Dream Entrance" here.
Paimon: Speaking of which, Paimon didn't think this place would be so large on the inside. Guess this is what they mean when they say "more than meets the eye," huh? Also, is it just Paimon, or does this place feel very different from other places?
Paimon: That's why this kind of thing won't happen! Best that it never does...
Paimon: This should be the Grove of Dreams. Let's look for Arakunti!
Paimon: Uh-huh... Wait, you're not describing anything!
Paimon: Uh...
Paimon: Wait... Then why didn't you say so in the first place!?
Paimon: We need to heal the Varuna Contraption for Festival Utsava so that the weather will return to normal and there will be no more of those nasty spores.
Paimon: We still need your help, Arakunti! Hehe, Paimon'll be counting on you!
Paimon: We're back!
Paimon: We've almost forgotten what we came here for. It's for Festival Utsava!
Paimon: Wow, so you really only answer questions that are asked directly, huh... Okay, so where are these three locations?
Paimon: Yeah, Paimon's always happy when she's with (Traveler)! If (Traveler) leaves Paimon one day, like Nara Varuna left the forest...
Paimon: Yeah, we'll help too!
Paimon: Your "Golden Nara" also has a name, and that's (Traveler).
You follow Arakunti back to the "rest stop"...