
Arakara: Vasmrti is not a seed.

Arakara: Vasmrti is not a seed. Just like Paimon is not a flying cat.

Paimon: It's Aranakula! He's returned to Vanarana.
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler), and Paimon! The Varuna Contraption has been healed. Aranakula can now focus on the nursery.
Paimon: This is the nursery that Aranakula always talks about.
Aranakula: Yes, it's the nursery that Aranakula and Arakara take care of together. The soil here was suitable for growing happy Viparyas.

Paimon: It's Aranakula! Made it back to Vanarana, and... with an unknown Aranara!
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler), and Paimon! The Varuna Contraption has been healed. Aranakula can now focus on the nursery.
Aranakula: This is Arakara. Aranakula and Arakara tend to the Vanarana nursery together.
Paimon: This is the nursery that Aranakula always talks about.
Aranakula: Yes, the soil here was originally suitable for growing things, and can grow happy Viparyas.
 Farming is troublesome.
Arakara: It's only troublesome in Valuka. It's not troublesome in Vana.
 Hello—!
Arakara: Guh... N—Nara?
 I love farming!
Arakara: Great! Arakara too!
 I'm still curious though.
 Is this the difference between wild and domesticated Viparyas...?
 Let's eat!
Arakara: Mushrooms are yummy! ...Nara? Yummy? No, Nara can't eat.
 No one has ever said that...
Paimon: Come on, even no one said it, they must feel it deep down. It goes without saying!
 Paimon is right!
Paimon: Hee-hee...
 Quest DescriptionThe Varuna Contraption has been fixed, and now Aranakula can go back to take care of the nursery that he has been thinking about. Aranakula, who likes to keep company with soil and seeds, not only cultivates ordinary plants, but also takes care of a special nursery in Vanarana.
 Vasmrti.
Arakara: ...
Arakara: And compliment their beauty.
Arakara: Anyway, Aranakula is not back yet, and nothing can be started.
Arakara: Arakara and Aranakula will look after them.
Arakara: Aranakula, went with Arapandu to Ashavan Realm, don't know when they return. Varuna Contraption is not well, not the time to tend to the nursery, yep.
Arakara: But now, if Paimon is hungry, don't come to the nursery to eat but go eat the mushrooms. There are way too many mushrooms in Vana. It will be good to eat some.
Arakara: Does Nara (Traveler) like farming?
Arakara: Festival Utsava needs lots of Viparyas, and Vanarana has a lot of them. But if there are more happy Viparyas. Aranara will be happy. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon will be happy too.
Arakara: Great! Arakara too!
Arakara: Guh... N—Nara?
Arakara: H—How? Why is there a Nara in Vanarana? Are they here to catch me and roast me? Arakara is not as tasty as mushrooms...
Arakara: Is Paimon a cat that can fly?
Arakara: It's only troublesome in Valuka. It's not troublesome in Vana.
Arakara: Mushrooms are yummy! ...Nara? Yummy? No, Nara can't eat.
Arakara: Nara (Traveler) and Paimon? Aranakula followed Arapandu to Ashavan Realm and still hasn't returned, so why don't we eat some mushrooms now.
Arakara: Paimon catches butterflies and lizards, and doesn't look like the type to like farming. Asking is useless.
Arakara: Paimon is quite right. Arakara is going to make beautiful lights with the happy Viparyas for Festival Utsava.
Arakara: Secret? Arakara has no secrets. Arakara is not doing anything, Arakara is waiting.
Arakara: Tasty, but also used for something else.
Arakara: The nursery will also birth happy Viparyas.
Arakara: They are not unhappy, just not as happy.
Arakara: Vasmrti is not a seed.
Arakara: Vasmrti is not a seed. Just like Paimon is not a flying cat.
Arakara: Viparyas has no seeds.
Arakara: Why is Paimon asking this?
Aranakula: Golden Nara, still need to traverse the land of the nursery. Once is okay. Too many times, no.
Aranakula: It's like having soil that's suitable for growth, and there is no lack of rain and sunlight, and no obstacles to growth... There seems nothing to be unhappy about, but also not anything to be very happy about.
Aranakula: Let Vasmrti sink into the soil, and Viparyas will be birthed. Nara (Traveler), try it.
Aranakula: Nara (Traveler), and Paimon! The Varuna Contraption has been healed. Aranakula can now focus on the nursery.
Aranakula: No, Paimon is wrong... To make the nursery grow Viparyas, Vasmrti is needed.
Aranakula: Only one trip is needed... And then, the nursery soil will bear Vasmrtis, like dew that gathers on the leaves in the sunrise after a night of rain.
Aranakula: Outside the dream world, there are 12 nurseries that condense Vasmrti. With them, the Vanarana nursery will be full of Viparyas.
Aranakula: The Golden Nara helped Aranakula and other Aranara. The Golden Nara is Aranara friend, so Aranakula and Nara (Traveler) will cultivate Viparyas together.
Aranakula: The soil in Vanarana, all very good, but here is particularly good. And more importantly...
Aranakula: This is Arakara. Aranakula and Arakara tend to the Vanarana nursery together.
Aranakula: Used to, but not anymore, need to collect again.
Aranakula: Vanarana will remember everything, so, with Vasmrti, the earth will remember again in a dream.
Aranakula: Viparyas, is the earth's balderdash, is what the earth remembers in dreams.
Aranakula: Will play music to them.
Aranakula: Yes, it's the nursery that Aranakula and Arakara take care of together. The soil here was suitable for growing happy Viparyas.
Aranakula: Yes, the soil here was originally suitable for growing things, and can grow happy Viparyas.
Paimon: ...Huh?
Paimon: After Paimon started traveling with (Traveler), we've met with many difficulties, but when Paimon is happy, Paimon sometimes feels extra happy!
Paimon: Anyway, this is Paimon, and the golden one here is (Traveler). (He/She) is a good Nara!
Paimon: Are there unhappy Viparyas?
Paimon: But based on the experience of dealing with Aranara before... When we find the nursery outside the dream world, we should be able to know what Aranakula is saying.
Paimon: Come on, even no one said it, they must feel it deep down. It goes without saying!
Paimon: Eh? Why isn't he responding? Did he not hear Paimon?
Paimon: Hee-hee...
Paimon: Hehe, since Aranakula is also back, we should hurry and get started! The seeds of Viparyas... Do Viparyas have seeds too?
Paimon: Hello! The land here doesn't look like the other places. Is there some special purpose for it?
Paimon: Hey, who do you think we are to do such a horrible thing? We're known as "Aranara's happy partners"!
Paimon: Hm... Feels plain and ordinary. Eh? So is this place different from the other places?
Paimon: Hm... O—Okay.
Paimon: Huh? But how do you have a nursery without seeds... Ah! Could Aranakula have some Ararakalari that can grow Viparyas out of thin air?
Paimon: In that case, let's help collect Vasmrti! But how do we collect this thing? Arakara just said earlier that it's in the nursery outside of the dream world...
Paimon: It's Aranakula! He's returned to Vanarana.
Paimon: It's Aranakula! Made it back to Vanarana, and... with an unknown Aranara!
Paimon: Look after... in what way, specifically?
Paimon: NO!
Paimon: Oh... Th—Then this Vasmrti can only be obtained by Aranara? So does that mean (Traveler) and Paimon have no chance to grow Viparyas in the nursery...
Paimon: Okay, looks like we have to wait for Aranakula to come back. Let's go, (Traveler).
Paimon: Paimon can relate... It's hard not to be happy when there is pleasant music to listen to every day and to be praised daily for your beauty!
Paimon: Paimon doesn't quite agree... but Paimon cares more about the result than the process, okay? So, what do you grow in the nursery here? Is it tasty?
Paimon: Paimon guesses so...
Paimon: Right, just like Paimon. Before Paimon was fished out by (Traveler), Paimon wasn't unhappy, but not that happy either...
Paimon: Speaking of which, the nursery still has a lot of space left. One, two, three... Whoa, there are twelve spots for growing Viparyas! Do you have more Vasmrti, Aranakula?
Paimon: That seed...
Paimon: That's it? It doesn't seem to be any different from growing other plants! Put the seed in the soil, then wait for the seed to grow...
Paimon: This is the nursery that Aranakula always talks about.
Paimon: Ugh... Paimon doesn't get it at all!
Paimon: Uh... Paimon is just curious! Like the instinct to jump at a butterfly, or catch a lizard. It's instinct...
Paimon: Um... If it's something you don't feel okay to tell us, like Aranara secrets, then never mind. We are not that insensitive, right?
Paimon: Vas... what now?
Paimon: Waiting? You mean for other Aranara?
Paimon: Well, then we should look around when we find a nursery!
Paimon: Why don't you ask Paimon?
Paimon: You are Arakara, right? What are you doing here on your own?
You follow what Aranakula said and let the Vasmrti sink into the soil.