 (Find the vibrating item.)
 Are you alright?
 Didn't Aranimba come back?
 I can't believe "the trapped Aranara" does exist...
 Not all of them...
 Paimon is gluttonous, but not bad in nature.
 Quest DescriptionAs more treasure was found through the "mailbox," the "seed" collected long ago in The Chasm to vibrate...
 Seems like it's leading us somewhere...
Paimon: Hmm... That might be it! Let's keep an eye on the seed in case it vibrates again!
 There's another place...
(Traveler): (Something seems to be vibrating slightly in the bag.)
???: ...Wow! It's changing back!
???: Eek! It's the Golden Nara! There is the taste of the wind, the taste of earth, and the taste of Aranara!
???: Golden Nara has figured out the Ararakalari of Arayama?
???: How dreadful! Obstructions are useless, anyone can break in, and the "happy nest" of Araminali will be "broken!"
Araminali: "Treasure" has been put in the "chest," Nara (Traveler) can open the "treasure chest," "you are welcome"!
Araminali: ...When Araminali has filled the "treasure chests," Nara (Traveler) can open it. Sometimes Nara (Traveler) will cheer with "Oh yeah" and sometimes sigh with "Ah..." just as the green Nara does.
Araminali: All the "chests" here belong to Araminali. Araminali is the owner of the "treasure chests."
Araminali: Araminali already knew it. Those praise words, running through the branches of the forest, wading through the trickle, along with the breeze, are blown into the "happy nest" of Araminali!
Araminali: Araminali has a full belly. "Treasure chests" are still hungry. Hungry is not good. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon walk everywhere, must be very hungry. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon must eat a lot of mushrooms to gain energy.
Araminali: Araminali has been told by many Aranara that Nara (Traveler) and Paimon did a lot of good things...
Araminali: Araminali heard that Nara (Traveler) was "showing off (his/her) skills" in Vana.
Araminali: Araminali is not ready! The "treasure chests" are still hungry. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon can "lazy about"...
Araminali: Araminali knows that the green Nara likes to go into the cave or in the house and open the "treasure chest." Nara (Traveler), and Paimon, don't like it?
Araminali: Araminali will fill the "treasure chests" with treasure! Together with the "good stuff" sent back by Aranimba, the "treasure chests" will be filled with good stuff.
Araminali: Aranara knew everything about Vana when they were born, but when "chests" were born, they were empty! Araminali doesn't know why.
Araminali: Aranara's best friend... The Golden Nara smells like Aranara, a familiar smell, but I haven't smelled it for a long time...
Araminali: Aranara's good friends. "Treasure chests" have been filled up. Time to open them!
Araminali: Aranimba is the Aranara that will never stop so Aranimba can't be the owner of the "treasure chests."
Araminali: Arayama's Ararakalari is very strong. Weak Nara can do nothing about it. Aranimba is very good at painting, all kinds of things, all look good.
Araminali: But Araminali is the owner of the "treasure chests." Nara, who likes treasure chests, also likes Araminali, right?
Araminali: But now, there are only Araminali and his "treasure chest."
Araminali: For good friends of Aranara who helped a lot of Aranara... Aranara will be "grateful," and will put the "treasure" into the "chests."
Araminali: Hmm, no, not right. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon can "roam around." That way, might run into Aranara in need of help.
Araminali: However, Araminali has no more "treasures" left, um... the "chests" will be empty for a while.
Araminali: It's Aranimba! Unlike Araminali, Aranimba likes to travel around. Before, he would draw the scenery he saw from afar and send it back to Vanarana, but later...
Araminali: It's fine. Araminali has many "treasure chests," although Araminali doesn't know why Nara likes opening chests...
Araminali: Nara (Traveler) wants to open the "treasure chests"? But... There are still a lot of Aranara in need in Vana, if the Golden Nara can help these Aranara...
Araminali: Nara (Traveler), and Paimon, hurry up! Araminali's treasure chests are ready, and Araminali has been waiting for a long time...
Araminali: Regarding the whereabouts of Aranimba, as long as Vana knows, wind knows, flowers and grass know, Araminali will know.
Araminali: So this time, Araminali filled the "chests" up and wait for Nara (Traveler) to open.
Araminali: So, it's fine. Don't need to say much. Araminali will listen as long as Aranimba wants to say.
Araminali: Such Nara can open the "treasure chests" prepared by Araminali.
Araminali: The sparkling things brought back by Aranimba were also stuffed in the "chests." Maybe Nara (Traveler) will like them?
Araminali: There are many Aranara in Vanarana so Araminali is not "lonely" at all.
Araminali: Though Araminali's "treasure chests" are about to be empty, Nara (Traveler) will still be Aranara's good friend, no?
Araminali: Uhh! He is thirsty! He needs to drink a lot of water before he can change back to what he was. Come... there's a lot of water here. Let him drink enough to recover.
Araminali: Vana has lot of Aranara, some in need of help, and some want to play with Nara. Nara who realizes their wishes is Aranara's friend.
Araminali: Well, Nara likes "treasure chests," and so does Araminali. Araminali allows the good Nara who had helped Aranara to open the "treasure chests."
Araminali: Well, unlike a big tree with a deep root. Aranimba is the kind of Aranara who doesn't stop.
Araminali: What does "lonely" mean?
Araminali: What does "no harm" mean? Do you mean "no greed"?
Araminali: With that being said, Arayama and Aranimba are no longer in Vanarana. These three Aranara used to stick together, and they were so happy no matter what they did.
Araminali: Yes! Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, Aranara's friends!
Aranimba: Araminali is Aranimba's "good friend," so Nara (Traveler) and Paimon are also Aranimba's "good friends". Aranimba gets it now!
Aranimba: Aranimba is going to leave, this time, not only painting, Aranimba will send back "gift" to Araminali, put it in the "chest."
Aranimba: Eek! It's nice to have wind, but not fire. Getting too close to the fire makes Aranimba thirsty again.
Aranimba: Later, Aranimba went to a very hard and dark place, with little dirt, but a lot of stones... Under the soil was little grass and few trees, but a lot of mushrooms!
Aranimba: Now Aranimba is back safely, thanks to Golden Nara and White Floaty.
Aranimba: So Aranimba should leave now, to fill the "treasure chests."
Aranimba: Yes! It was a long way, and dangerous. Aranimmba met the dark and dangerous Nara! However, Aranimba was protected by Aramuhukunda, and turned into a seed and "got away with it."
Paimon: Ah, Paimon means, how could Aranimba be in such a hurry? Aranimba could stay for a while and catch up with Araminali.
Paimon: Ah, by the way, that strange seed! (Traveler), show the seeds to Araminali. Maybe he knows something.
Paimon: Araminali, you haven't seen Aranimba for a long time. Don't you have a lot to say to Aranimba?
Paimon: Araminali...
Paimon: Eh... Won't Araminali be lonely here?
Paimon: Hey! That's technically not wrong, though...
Paimon: Hey? But didn't Aranimba just come back? Are you leaving again? You are really in a rush... like running from a fire with the headwind...
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon thinks it wants to go somewhere! Let's keep an eye on the seed in case it vibrates again!
Paimon: Hmm... That might be it! Let's keep an eye on the seed in case it vibrates again!
Paimon: Huh? Is this... the seed we found in The Chasm?
Paimon: It's (Traveler) and Paimon!
Paimon: Maybe it could be a trapped Aranara! Or perhaps there's something like an Aranara treasury? And this seed is the key?
Paimon: Now, we've found the locations of all the paintings! Paimon wonders where the Aranara who made these treasure maps is...
Paimon: Oh... It's not like Paimon doesn't like it... It feels like... there is an inexplicable attraction?
Paimon: Paimon doesn't understand too...
Paimon: Paimon has never seen so many chests all in one place like this! Is this... really some Aranara's treasure trove?
Paimon: Right, there's that painting with many Aranara in it. We didn't find any treasure there...
Paimon: So the chest was empty!?
Paimon: The seed's destination must be around here!
Paimon: Um... Is this Aranara's friendship? If it were Paimon, Paimon would have a lot to share with (Traveler).
Paimon: Um... Paimon guesses so! (Traveler) and Paimon are on Aranara's side. We want to be Aranara's good friends.
Paimon: Um... Sounds like The Chasm. But, Aranimba, as an Aranara, traveled so far that he even left Sumeru...
Paimon: Um... That is, when you are alone, you really want to have someone around you?
Paimon: Whoa! The Aranara world is truly marvelous... Just looking at a painting would lead you to the treasure...
Paimon: Why bother? Araminali and Aranimba can directly give us what you're about to put in the treasure chests as the payment.
Paimon: Wow! The seed has become an Aranara! We found it, "the trapped Aranara"! You see, is Paimon right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Wow, don't worry, we mean no harm.
So strange.
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon thinks it wants to go somewhere! Let's keep an eye on the seed in case it vibrates again!
You put the seed in the water..