 Aren't we going to help "the trapped Aranara"?
 Find "the trapped Aranara"?
Paimon: Yes! We might even find some treasure!
 Find more treasure?
Paimon: Yes! Wait, Paimon means... no! Find the trapped Aranara!
 Hmm. That makes total sense.
 It's rude to tamper around...
 Quest DescriptionPaimon found a painting in Vanarana that could be a treasure map...
 You're right.
Paimon: (Traveler), we should go to the spot shown in the painting! Maybe we'll find some treasure left by the Aranara!
Paimon: After we get there, we could...
Paimon: Ahem! We haven't found the house owner. This is worrying! So, (Traveler), why don't we check some other places shown in the painting?
Paimon: Ahem, Paimon means... "possibly trapped Aranara," we're coming to help!
Paimon: And what an interesting "mailbox." It may receive some new paintings later. We should keep an eye on it!
(Quest completes)
Paimon: Eh? Paimon doesn't see any treasure...
Paimon: Eh? There doesn't seem to be any treasure here...
Paimon: Hmm... Let's take a look. It seems like a new treasure map!
Paimon: Hmm... This picture is different from the previous ones! It has more Aranara in it...
Paimon: Hmm... Who knows how many adventurer camps and treasure chests we have rummaged through!
Paimon: How should Paimon put it... Let's come back later. This seems to be an important place.
Paimon: Hurry, let's go back to that house. Who knows, there might be more treasure maps!
Paimon: Let Paimon see... Hmm? Is this an Aranara painting...?
Paimon: Let's go treasure-hunting, (Traveler)!
Paimon: Let's put it this way. We didn't see Aranara anywhere near the house, and we were worried, so we'd rather see if there were any leads. We might even help some trapped Aranara!
Paimon: No, wait. Maybe it's because we are in the "Vanarana in the dream." If we do return to reality, then there should be treasure!
Paimon: Of course! Anyway, seems like the painting depicts some views near here, right? Ah, maybe it's a treasure map...
Paimon: Paintings~ Aranara paintings~ Lead us to the treasure~♪
Paimon: There really is treasure! It is a treasure map!
Paimon: Treasure~ Treasure~
Paimon: Yes! Wait, Paimon means... no! Find the trapped Aranara!
Paimon: Yes! We might even find some treasure!