
(Dialogue continues in the Ending section)
 Hookshot?
 I sure have never seen a "fish" like that.
 I'm standing still.
 Paimon never lands.
 Quest DescriptionKayvan the angler seems to be working tirelessly toward a certain goal...
 R—Really?
 Step DescriptionAccording to Kayvan, the bait this time requires one portion of Sunsettia and Wheat, respectively. He also asks the Traveler to go somewhere and get three bird eggs said to be very special...
 Step DescriptionAccording to Kayvan, the bait this time requires one portion of Sunsettia and Wheat, respectively. He also asks the Traveler to go somewhere and pick a mushroom said to be very special...
 Step DescriptionAccording to Kayvan, the bait this time requires one portion of Sunsettia, Wheat, and Zaytun Peach respectively...
 Step DescriptionGive the bait materials to Kayvan and see what fish he can catch...
 Supreme...
 They might be comforting you...
 They might just be joking...
 What kind of materials do you need?
(Kayvan randomly chooses one of the following versions of the commission)
 Wouldn't hurt to try.
Kayvan catches a wet package.
Kayvan skillfully prepares the bait.
Kayvan: (I'll definitely catch a big fish!)
Kayvan: After all, always catching lifeless things that could never bite the bait is something quite special, wouldn't you say?
Kayvan: Ahem! I don't care what they think! A—At least I never go home empty-handed!
Kayvan: Alright, here goes. Hooks away!
Kayvan: Anyway, thanks for finding the materials. Please take your payment here. I'm fishing somewhere else.
Kayvan: Bring me some special materials, and I will catch "fish" you've never seen before using my handmade bait.
Kayvan: Could it be that you are another fisher with your eyes on this area?
Kayvan: Don't worry, outlander, stay calm. Don't gripe too much about the details.
Kayvan: Even the footsteps on the bank could startle them.
Kayvan: Everything that comes with a hook could be considered a "fish."
Kayvan: Great, we have all the materials. Now witness the creation of a unique bait.
Kayvan: Hook depth good... Flow speed moderate...
Kayvan: I'll come again if I fail today, and I'll definitely catch a fish someday!
Kayvan: I'm feeling up to some... Bird Eggs fresh from the nest today.
Kayvan: I'm feeling... How about a mushroom today?
Kayvan: I'm feeling... Zaytun Peach today.
Kayvan: I'm the best angler here, and I have my own standards for fishing sites.
Kayvan: It's common, but few consider it an ingredient with which to make bait.
Kayvan: Let me tell you, I didn't just invent the title of "the greatest angler" out of thin air.
Kayvan: My handmade bait is based on Sunsettia and Wheat and is then further elevated by another material.
Kayvan: Next time... Next time, I'll definitely get a big fish! I'm sure of it!
Kayvan: Other anglers have praised my unique talents.
Kayvan: Please find that for me, would you?
Kayvan: Please find this sort of mushroom for me.
Kayvan: Say no more. I'll show you what it means to be the "Supreme Hookshot."
Kayvan: So that happened again. Just as expected.
Kayvan: That's the spirit! I like you!
Kayvan: The bait this time requires Sunsettia, Wheat, and Special Bird Eggs. Did you get them all?
Kayvan: The bait this time requires Sunsettia, Wheat, and Zaytun Peach. Did you get them all?
Kayvan: The bait this time requires Sunsettia, Wheat, and a Special Mushroom. Did you get them all?
Kayvan: The eggs I usually use are found on the tree nearby. I'll show you the way.
Kayvan: The mushrooms I usually use are found in a special area, I'll show you where they can be found.
Kayvan: Then be patient and wait...
Kayvan: Well, because I can see things they can't.
Kayvan: You gotta be quiet. The fish are really sensitive.
Kayvan: You look like... You're a Traveler, right? Hanging out in such a place, are we? Nice choice.
Kayvan: You've got a good eye! It's the best fishing site around these parts.
Paimon: (Traveler), let's defeat it and take the mushroom back!
Paimon: But no one's fishing here, right? How can you be so certain?
Paimon: But where's the fish you caught?
Paimon: Found it! This must be the tree mentioned by that fisher.
Paimon: Got it. Time to bring the mushroom back.
Paimon: Is there anything special about the Bird Eggs here? Paimon doesn't understand...
Paimon: Paimon doesn't see any mushrooms here, but there is a monster... Did the monster take it?
Paimon: So basically, you catch everything but fish...
Paimon: That feels... kinda suspicious. Will this handmade bait really work?
Paimon: This should be the place he mentioned, right?
Paimon: What is this? That's no fish!
Paimon: Yay, Paimon's got the Bird Eggs! Let's return now!