 Are you two not getting along?
Masseira: Hmm? No, that would be nonsense. She's my favorite Falcon. I love her, but I don't spoil her. How do you feed a Falcon if the Falcon comes back empty-handed?
Liloupar: Ah, so such is the case... An ugly end awaits this girl.
 Is it difficult to walk?
Tadhla: It is, but I don't need any help.
 It's the "Fatui."
 Paimon always gets extra logical when it comes to such situations...
 Please don't be too harsh to her.
Masseira: Harsh? No, instead I've been too kind to her. That's why she has become so... sloppy. All I'm doing is educating her. She's an outstanding Falcon. How could I ever hurt her?
Liloupar: So, then, what stands as the most common fate to grace a Falcon...
 Quest DescriptionTadhla, Masseira's "Falcon," has been on a mission for a long time and has not returned. Thus Masseira asks you to find his "Falcon"...
 They are no longer a threat.
 We don't need to kill them.
 You don't even need any rest?
Tadhla: Rest? No. I barely know you.
Liloupar: Then, perhaps we should get more acquainted. What say you?
Tadhla: Thank you, but maybe later.
Fatui Skirmisher No. 1: Hmm... I thought I heard someone saying time to eat.
Fatui Skirmisher No. 1: Hmm? Did you hear anything?
Fatui Skirmisher No. 1: This position is lost! Fall back! Fall back!
Fatui Skirmisher No. 2: No, why?
Liloupar: *sigh* Alright, let's do it for Paimon's big meal.
Liloupar: ...Still more paltry than my expectations... But I suppose I will accept this if you should not object, my master.
Liloupar: A creature sparse of speech, are you?
Liloupar: Ah, so such is the case... An ugly end awaits this girl.
Liloupar: Ah... Yes, of course. The fact that this floating fairy is technically not a person has eluded me till thus, but perhaps the rest of us people may receive due thanks?
Liloupar: Ahem. Aren't you forgetting something? There are still two of us besides your Master of the Jinni.
Liloupar: Ahoy! You! Corpulent one! Over here! Time to eat!
Liloupar: Bah... She is a child of obvious human flesh. How can a human be judged to be a falcon? Comedy!
Liloupar: Be placid. They hear nothing of my words. Here, bear witness...
Liloupar: Cast your gaze here... There are a great many footprints. It appears the fellows that once dwelt within the delves of this cave were an active and... careless lot.
Liloupar: Don't let us doubt your intent. Just cut to the chase.
Liloupar: Hahaha.
Liloupar: Hehe, see?
Liloupar: Hmm... My master, be those the people whom you mentioned? The "Fooltui"?
Liloupar: I like this girl's humor... Her vagaries are most amusing.
Liloupar: So, then, what stands as the most common fate to grace a Falcon...
Liloupar: So, you are Masseira's daughter?
Liloupar: Splendid. Another desert-spawn. My master, I— *sigh* Never mind. I trust your judgment.
Liloupar: That name makes them sound no wiser.
Liloupar: The wise are joined of thought. I like this girl.
Liloupar: Then, perhaps we should get more acquainted. What say you?
Liloupar: They ran away... Why must you bestow so much mercy on the undeserving, my master?
Liloupar: Well done, little one. The task is upon us, my master.
Masseira: "Them"? Your "them" is our esteemed Master of the Jinni!
Masseira: (...Maybe she underestimated the little ones...)
Masseira: (...Tadhla... your growth is... too slow...)
Masseira: *sigh* If it weren't for my weak legs, I wouldn't be troubling you for this...
Masseira: Ah, (Traveler), esteemed Master of the Jinni. To what do I owe the pleasure?
Masseira: Ah, here's my little Falcon! Thank you so much!
Masseira: Being attacked by the prey. What a shame for a Falcon.
Masseira: By what? Animal, or human?
Masseira: Could you spare a minute for me? I've been looking forward to seeing you as I've been to seeing the moon and rain.
Masseira: Did you find her?
Masseira: Did you get it all?
Masseira: Go rest. I'll tend to your wound later.
Masseira: Haha, my apologies. Please take this as an extra payment.
Masseira: Haha, nothing serious. It's just my Falcon, Tadhla. I think she's in danger.
Masseira: Harsh? No, instead I've been too kind to her. That's why she has become so... sloppy. All I'm doing is educating her. She's an outstanding Falcon. How could I ever hurt her?
Masseira: Hmm? No, that would be nonsense. She's my favorite Falcon. I love her, but I don't spoil her. How do you feed a Falcon if the Falcon comes back empty-handed?
Masseira: I see, you still need some time.
Masseira: Let me mark out her last known location.
Masseira: May the wind guide you through sandstorms and away from danger.
Masseira: Please accept this. You have my gratitude, esteemed Master of the Jinni.
Masseira: Please find her as soon as possible. Time is not on our side.
Masseira: Thank you so much. I'm counting on you.
Masseira: The person you need to look for, Tadhla, is tall, tanned, with light-colored long hair, and uses a long bow. Yes, this should be enough information about her.
Masseira: Uh... Yes, yes.
Masseira: Very well, Master of the Jinni, I do have a request...
Masseira: Very well. If you are available in the future, please come back one more time. I think my Falcon will need your help by then.
Masseira: You should've been the ambusher.
Masseira: You're injured?
Paimon: Correct Paimon if she's wrong. You want us to rescue her before thanking us profusely, paying us a large sum of Mora, and treating us to a big meal for our triumph, right?
Paimon: Daughter? But as Paimon recalls, Masseira said Tadhla is his Falcon.
Paimon: Hehe, Paimon doubts both of us are qualified to accept the reward...
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: Hmm... A tall, tanned girl with light-colored long hair and holds a long bow! Hehe, Paimon has an excellent memory!
Paimon: Hmm... Tall, tanned, light-colored long hair... That should be her.
Paimon: It doesn't matter. If they come back for us, we'll just kick their butts again! Although... you're injured. Do you need help?
Paimon: Look! Over there! Is that Tadhla they got locked up?
Paimon: Masseira sure is a bit too strict with Tadhla...
Paimon: Oh come on, it's okay! Tadhla is injured, be nice to her!
Paimon: Oh, that's a relief, she can still walk and find herself a decent place to— Hey! That's not what Paimon expected to hear!
Paimon: Ooh, extra payment!
Paimon: Paimon didn't know Liloupar has a childlike side! Hehe, it's adorable.
Paimon: Shh! Keep it down! If they see us...
Paimon: Shh... See? There's someone over there!
Paimon: Tadhla isn't here. Should we keep looking?
Paimon: Thank you. We'll see you soon!
Paimon: That makes sense. Let's go in and investigate!
Paimon: Um... Are you Tadhla? We are here to get you out!
Paimon: Well, if that's the case, we'll do it!
Paimon: Yeah, (Traveler), let's do this!
Tadhla silently nods and slowly treads away in pain.
Tadhla: (...Blast, it doesn't work...)
Tadhla: ...
Tadhla: ...They will flee and send warning to their comrades. Soon, they will all know that we are here.
Tadhla: I'm okay. I can still walk and find myself a decent place to die in peace.
Tadhla: I'm sorry.
Tadhla: I'm sorry...
Tadhla: It is, but I don't need any help.
Tadhla: It was the northerners. They ambushed me after realizing they were being followed.
Tadhla: Just kidding.
Tadhla: Rest? No. I barely know you.
Tadhla: Sorry, I was ambushed. It was all thanks to them that I can return and see you again.
Tadhla: Thank you, but maybe later.
Tadhla: Thank you. Let's return to the tribe.
Tadhla: Yes...? Oh, yes.
Tadhla: You let them go.