 (Remain silent.)
Paimon: Anyway, no need to worry, Arapacati! (Traveler)'s fine!
 Alright! The Festival Utsava Feast!
 Best we not get our hopes too high...
 Maybe later.
Arapacati: You must come, Nara (Traveler).
 Quest DescriptionTime to witness the results of the "cooking training" of Arapacati's brothers.
 Sure.
Arapacati: They're all ready. We can start now.
 Thanks for your concern.
"Brothers": Thank you, Nara (Traveler)...
According to the improvement method from Paimon, Aranara finishes the dish under your guidance.After that, you enjoy the dish with Aranara...
Arachatora: *whimper* I'm sorry...
Arachatora: But I'm not very good at gauging the heat, so please come take a look, Nara (Traveler)...
Arachatora: It's time to show off the results of our cooking training!
Arachatora: Nara dishes... Is this what Nara call "the taste of happiness"?
Arachatora: The Head Mushroom has been ready for a while now! My super fragrant Head Mushroom...
Arachatora: The Head Mushroom helped too! The Head Mushroom I've always dreamed about! Its aroma... Ahh!
Arachatora: Yes! We'll have a supreme delicacy, you can bet on that!
Arapacati: But Nara (Traveler) is very quiet. Are you feeling unwell?
Arapacati: But it's okay as long as Nara (Traveler) and Paimon enjoy the food! Don't mind them. If our Nara friends are happy, we're happy.
Arapacati: Don't say "sorry"! Say "Thank you!"
Arapacati: Hmm... While it was Arapacati's suggestion for Nara (Traveler) to teach my brothers...
Arapacati: I have no idea how "awful" is supposed to taste, but the flavor of this dish... has "impact." You know, like the kind you get from running full-speed into a tree...
Arapacati: I shall deliver the "taste of happiness" to Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, and let them "teach" my brothers.
Arapacati: Is that so? I'm glad. Once again, thank you. These petals are from Arapacati and her brothers. They're for you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
Arapacati: It's the only way to make food Nara will like. That's how guests should be treated.
Arapacati: My brothers have all done some self-reflection. Festival Utsava is a happy occasion, so Arapacati shouldn't get mad.
Arapacati: Nara's "taste of happiness" is so strange... But since Nara is happy, Arapacati and her brothers shall be happy too!
Arapacati: Still, it's rude to say that, my brothers. You should be thanking Nara (Traveler) instead!
Arapacati: That said, Nara (Traveler) is totally different from Nara Varuna, who told us a lot of things about "(brothers/sisters)."
Arapacati: They're all ready. We can start now.
Arapacati: We hope the two of you will enjoy more of the "taste of happiness" here in Vanarana!
Arapacati: Would you mind teaching them to cook, Nara (Traveler)?
Arapacati: You must come, Nara (Traveler).
Arapas: Terrific! I can make the Best Soup so long as I have the Best Water. Nara (Traveler) will love it for sure!
Arapas: The Best Water... But there's nothing's left of it after my practice runs. Would Nara (Traveler) mind getting some water from the north of Vanarana for Arapas?
Arapas: Vanarana's water is obviously the Best Water, so how did something like this get made from it?
Arapas: Water from Vanarana is the best water and makes the best soup. Nara will love it for sure.
Arapas: Water from Vanarana too! Soup with "the taste of happiness" can only be made with the best water!
Araphala: And don't... don't forget about the Unrivaled Fresh Fruit...
Araphala: Don't you worry, Nara (Traveler), Araphala has prepared the Unrivaled Fresh Fruit for the festival!
Araphala: I have been ready for a long while.
Araphala: The Unrivaled Fresh Fruit is still delicious, though. Yum.
Arasaka: Happiness is fleeing from me...
Arasaka: Huh? Hmm, Arapacati mentioned that we must make Nara happy with food, so Paimon is right. I'll add less of it...
Arasaka: Needs more of that "taste of happiness"...
Arasaka: That's right, Arapacati. Don't get mad. Happy occasions should be celebrated with the "taste of happiness"!
Arasaka: The "taste of happiness" is good, of course. B—But it's not just about the sugar.
Paimon: Anyway, no need to worry, Arapacati! (Traveler)'s fine!
Paimon: Araphala sure moves fast, huh? Let's go check elsewhere.
Paimon: Eh? You Aranara think it's awful? Paimon thought it was pretty yummy, though...
Paimon: Fire is kinda dangerous to Aranara, so let's go help to control it.
Paimon: Hmm... Maybe they'll like some Radish Veggie Soup! Let's show them what Nara cooking's all about!
Paimon: How's the taste of true-blue gourmet Nara food, eh?
Paimon: Paimon wonders if the water in Vanarana really tastes any different from water in other places...
Paimon: There you go. That should do.
Paimon: Uh, say something, (Traveler).
Paimon: We're back, Arapas! This is the Best Water!
Paimon: Well, guess we ought to help out, (Traveler).
Paimon: Whoa, that's enough!
Paimon: Will this do?
Paimon: Woohoo! And that's our piping-hot Radish Veggie Soup all ready to go! The Aranara should be done with their dishes too.
(Open item menu)
Paimon: Wow... This has gotta be a massive case of culture clash.
Paimon: Y'know, since the Aranara are making food for us so eagerly during this happy occasion, we should return the favor. What do you say?
Paimon: Yay, it's the Festival Utsava Feast! Paimon's been waiting for this!
Paimon: You still have to ask (Traveler) to help, or you will end up cooking the same dishes as before.