
 Withering Zone?
Rana: Oh, that's a "disaster" unique to Sumeru. It's a force that emerges in an area and kills all living things within.
Paimon: It's true, all of the plants died.
Rana: Yeah. Tighnari would be able to eliminate it if he was around. But for someone like me, who doesn't have a Vision and cannot control the elements, it's very dangerous to go into a Withering Zone.
Rana: Regardless, lemme mark down the location and radius of effect for now. After I take you to Vimara Village, I'll go to Gandharva Ville and bring Tighnari over to help.
 Great, I don't have a Vision.
Paimon: But can't you control the elements? What was it? Oh yeah, "Prepare to be blown away!"
Paimon: Since you can control the elements, you should be able to help!
 It's tough being a Forest Watcher.
Paimon: But can't you control the elements? What was it? Oh yeah, "Prepare to be blown away!"
Paimon: We should help!
 I can control the elements.
Rana: Eh? Now that I think about it, you did show such ability when fending off the Fungi...
Rana: But we still shouldn't try. Withering Zones are lethal, and even veteran Forest Watchers wouldn't approach one unless absolutely necessary.
Paimon: That might be the case, but (Traveler) has proven to be very reliable in the many encounters throughout our journey.

Paimon: Ah, Withering Zone again...
 We handled one with Tighnari before.
 We heard about one before.
Paimon: That's right, we cleared a Withering Zone with Tighnari before. Paimon recalls that was near Gandharva Ville, right?
Rana: (Traveler) and Tighnari disposed of a Withering Zone before? I won't go into how dangerous it is, then.
Rana: Regardless, lemme mark down the location and radius of effect for now. After I take you to Vimara Village, I'll go to Gandharva Ville and bring Tighnari over to help.
Paimon: No need, Rana, just leave it to us.
Rana: No way! The Withering Zone is lethal, even veteran Forest Watchers wouldn't approach it unless absolutely necessary.
Paimon: (Traveler) can manipulate the elements, and it should somewhat stave off the Withering's effects!
Rana: Eh? Now that I think about it, you did show such ability when fending off the Fungi...
Rana: But still, you shouldn't do that. We can't have you injured by the Withering after coming all this way.
Paimon: Don't worry, Rana! (Traveler) has proven to be very reliable in the many encounters throughout our journey.
 "A general and a shrine maiden..."
 "Ack-ack-ack!"
 "In a place far away, there was a library..."
Paimon: Paimon can go with the story of Miss Lisa, but Paimon'd prefer another one...
Paimon: Ahem. In a place far away, on the other side of the ocean, there was a lady general and a shrine maiden.
 "That's what the adults said?"
 "This is a tale of friends resolving their misunderstanding..."
 "This is a tale of heroes triumphing over evil..."
 (Hope the children can stay safe.)
 (I think we just hit a dead end.)
 (If only it could always be like this...)
 (Just ask about something else.)
 (Never mind...)
 (This girl.../I'm smart and powerful!)
Sudabeh: (I want to be like Rana when I grow up, so I want to hear stories like that!/Yeah, you are powerful, and very pretty too! But I'm going to be Rana's bride, so I have to be stronger than you!)
Paimon: They all want different stories...
 (We can ask them about how they went missing while at it.)
Paimon: (True! And about the mysterious creatures too.)
 (We can ask them about the mysterious creatures while at it.)
Paimon: (True, these kids might know things adults don't, and about how they went missing...)
 A Specter is too much...
 About Rana...
Amadhiah: Rana is a good kid. She works hard every day to keep this old man and the children in Vimara Village safe.
Amadhiah: I wonder when she'll have time to start a family and settle down.
 About the mysterious creatures in the woods...
 About the mysterious creatures we saw before...
Amadhiah: You mean the round little plantlike fairies? I think I saw them before, but when and what was it...?
 Are they called Aranara?
Amadhiah: Aranara... Probably. I might have heard stories before, but I'm too old to remember for sure.
Amadhiah: The forests of Sumeru are very big, teeming with countless wondrous creatures. But one won't miss what they're destined to find.
Amadhiah: However, if I was destined, I shouldn't have forgotten about them, either. So when was it...?
 Actually, you could've made it on your own...
Rana: Time is life to me. You saved me time, so you saved my life!
 Alphonso sure has his ears on the ground.
Paimon: Yeah, we know about that!
 And a big appetite too.
 Another lion?
Paimon: Aroo! Hehe, our colors match pretty well.
 Are they called Aranara?
 Ask about the mysterious creatures in the forest.
 Be right back.
 Big enough to swallow Paimon in one bite.
Iotham: If Paimon is the white lady? I guess the dragon isn't that big, after all.
Paimon: Hey, Paimon might be short, but she's got a big brain!
 And a big appetite too.
Paimon: Hmph, Paimon can swallow the whole Vimara Village in one bite, just like the dragon!
 Big enough to swallow Vimara Village in one bite.
 Calm down, Paimon.
 Calm down...
 Can we ask Granny Jehiet?
Iotham: No...
Paimon: All right, we'll drop it. Rana and others are very worried about you kids, Iotham. Have you gotten lost in the woods recently?
 Did Alphonso send you?
 Fatui?
 Great, I don't have a Vision.
Paimon: But can't you control the elements? What was it? Oh yeah, "Prepare to be blown away!"
Paimon: Since you can control the elements, you should be able to help!
 Has something happened in Vimara Village lately?
 How do you know my name?
 I can control the elements.
 I don't like this Withering Zone. Let me deal with it.
 I don't think they're the same.
 I fight very well.
Rana: Yes, very impressive!
Paimon: But Paimon thinks you're a good enough fighter to get it done yourself. Paimon means, don't you run into wild animals a lot as a Forest Watcher?
Rana: That is true. However, time is life to me. You saved me time, so you saved my life.
 I need to take care of some things first.
Rana: Okay. Give me a shout when you're ready.
 I think so too.
 I'll be old by then.
Sudabeh: It's okay. I'll also age, so you'll always be more mature than me.
 I'll take that nice axe of yours.
Paimon: Hey! (He/She) is only joking. We don't need payment, right, (Traveler)?
 I'm beat.
 I've got a lot of stories.
 I've got something else on the table right now.
Rana: All right. Be safe.
 I've seen worse.
 Indeed, I have.
 Is someone abducting the kids?
 It's okay to just speak your mind, Miss Rana.
Paimon: Let's drop the formalities, (Traveler) and Rana!
 It's tough being a Forest Watcher.
Paimon: But can't you control the elements? What was it? Oh yeah, "Prepare to be blown away!"
Paimon: We should help!
 It's true, such as Paimon.
Paimon: Hehe.
 Just like Paimon.
 Just treat it as a secret between these kids.
 Leave it to me. It's a piece of cake.
 Let's ask about something else...
Paimon: Rana and others are very worried about you kids, Iotham. Have you gotten lost in the woods recently?
 Let's go.
Rana: Okay, follow me!
 Let's go.
Rana: Sure! It's not far to the west.
(Continues to next quest)
 Me?
 Paimon does that, too.
Rana: Whoa, so it's normal for kids?
Paimon: Hey, quit it, you two!
Rana: Hahahaha! Sorry to digress.
 They remembered nothing at all?
 Paimon's better.
Paimon: Eh? Is that supposed to be a compliment?
 Piece of cake.
 Quest DescriptionThe woman who goes by the name of Rana seems to be a Forest Watcher of Sumeru. Accept her invitation and travel to Vimara Village.
 Really?
 See you.
Amadhiah: Okay, goodbye.
 Should we divide and conquer them?
Paimon: Come on, they're kids, not villains! Just treat it as a secret they don't want the adults to know.
 Should we get the adults in town to pressure them?
Paimon: Come on, they're kids, not villains! Just treat it as a secret they don't want the adults to know.
 Sounds delicious...
Paimon: Sounds like we can probably make a stew with mushrooms out of them! Though Paimon doesn't think that's quite the same thing as what we saw...
 Step DescriptionAccording to Rana, the Withering Zone is growing at an unexpected speed and getting very dangerous. For those capable of utilizing the elements, however, taking care of a Withering Zone shouldn't be too much of a hustle.
 Step DescriptionIotham wants stories about "dragons," Kavus wants stories about "sea monsters," and Sudabeh wants stories about "a smart and powerful distinguished lady." No story suits all kids, just tell each a story they like.
 Step DescriptionThe "tiger cubs" at Vimara Village seem to be really active. You agreed to tell stories for the children upon Rana's urging.
 Step DescriptionYou and Paimon put in a good amount of hard work to sort your stories into a version that the children might find interesting. Thankfully, they like your stories. Although they don't seem to have told the truth about the mysterious creatures, this isn't the time to go into detail. Now, go with Rana to clear out some Withering Zones. You're doing this so the children of Vimara Village can play safely, after all.
 Step DescriptionYou have arrived at Vimara Village without any difficulties. Have a look around the village with Rana.
 Sure, I guess...
 Take it down a notch.
 Thanks.
Paimon: You're getting too excited, Rana.
 That warrants much more than just an "Anyway"!
 That's a lot of demands...
 That's the spirit!
Kavus: Of course! I'm older than Iotham and Sudar, I have to be stronger than them so I can protect them.
 They look like Shroomboars.
Iotham: Hahaha! No, they don't!
 They look like cabbages.
Iotham: On second thought, yeah, they do! Hahaha!
 They remembered nothing at all?
 They're good kids.
 Very sly of you, Paimon.
 Very smooth of you, Paimon.
 Wait...
 We handled one with Tighnari before.
 We have nothing else to do anyway.
Paimon: We'll just call it exercising!
 We heard about one before.
Paimon: That's right, we cleared a Withering Zone with Tighnari before. Paimon recalls that was near Gandharva Ville, right?
 We know the story.
 We ran across some pirates before.
 We ran across the grandson of some pirate.
 Weasel Thief?
Paimon: Why Weasel Thief!?
 Well, I hope you can grow up healthy and happy.
Sudabeh: Thanks!
 Well, not exactly...
 What happened when you got lost before?
 Whopperflower.
Paimon: What does Paimon have to do with Whopperflower!?
 Withering Zone?
 You all want different stories...
 You don't have to be so formal...
 You should listen and not go there.
Paimon: Mm... But you have a friend in the forest? Doesn't everyone live in the village?
 You went into the forest to see your friend?
Paimon: Eh? You have a friend in the forest? Doesn't everyone live in the village?
 You'll face other "monsters" when you grow up.
Kavus: What kind of monsters?
Paimon: Let's talk about something else...
"Ahem. The queen had a pretty and powerful priestess friend, who couldn't bear to see the queen go on this way.""That was when a traveler came to the kingdom. (He/She) and (his/her) companion were both smart and brave.""So the priestess thought, 'Ack-ack-ack! They are agile and resilient. If they're willing to help...'"
"Once upon a time, in a kingdom far away, there was a very beautiful and powerful queen. But war came, and although the queen won, she also lost many friends.""She cried and cried, '*sob* I'm going to make a robot and have it work for me. Then I shall live alone in the palace forever and not make any more friends so I won't lose them!'""'Beep. Copy that. Working now,' replied the robot, who then began running the kingdom for the queen. Then some bad guys started to scheme!"
"The serpent didn't behave, so a god trapped it on the sea floor under rocks to prevent it from making waves and destroying the harbor.""After a long while, the serpent woke up and griped, 'Curse you, despicable god!'""'I'll wash all your houses and treasures out to the sea and make them mine! Roar!'""Then it rose up to higher than the mountains and caused a tidal wave..."
"When the dragon woke up, it saw the world had changed.""Growl!" The dragon announced. "I'm mad now and I'm going to wreck your little houses and keeps!""The dragon wasn't actually bad but was tricked by an evil sorcerer into thinking everyone's bad.""Then one day, two travelers arrived..."
Alphonso: *sigh* Even though I'm only a few years older than them.
Alphonso: All right, stop picking on them. (Traveler) and Paimon are my friends.
Alphonso: Anyway, think it over, Rana.
Alphonso: Be careful going over the bridge, don't fall into the water!
Alphonso: But even if you could deal with the wild animals, the Fatui are more than you can handle, Rana.
Alphonso: Hahaha, you're an experienced traveler indeed, saw right through me at a glance.
Alphonso: However, we could never find the kids since the woods are simply too big to search, even for Rana.
Alphonso: I came as an apprentice from Fontaine, but ended up staying because I really like it here.
Alphonso: I see! Who is that with you?
Alphonso: I'd round up a search party every time. Sometimes, we'd run into wild animals, sometimes a Withering Zone, other times, outsiders obviously too tough for us to handle.
Alphonso: I'm not sure. I think they just don't want to tell us "adults."
Alphonso: Is it really okay to talk about that in front of our guests? Maybe we should talk about it later...
Alphonso: It's dangerous outside lately. Withering Zone aside, you got the Fatui from Snezhnaya with their armed mercenaries operating in the forest. If something goes wrong...
Alphonso: Oh, I learned about them from the travelers shuttling between Sumeru City and Port Ormos.
Alphonso: Rana probably mentioned it. Anyway, hope you'll enjoy your time in Vimara Village.
Alphonso: Sorry.
Alphonso: They're in the village, waiting for you to return. After Kavus came back...
Alphonso: Welcome to Vimara Village, (Traveler). Everyone is family here. If you stay, Iotham and his friends will treat you like a real (brother/sister).
Alphonso: You flatter me, Rana. Anyway, nice to meet you two, and thanks for looking after Rana.
Alphonso: You ought to take it easy for a while here, Rana. You're the only one who can get through to the kids.
Amadhiah: "Tiger cubs" refers to Iotham and his friends. By the way. your voice... I don't think I've ever met you. Do we have visitors?
Amadhiah: Ah, I see. Welcome to Vimara Village, and thanks for helping Rana out.
Amadhiah: Ah, friends of Rana, sorry about before. I must apologize for my aging eyes.
Amadhiah: Aranara... Probably. I might have heard stories before, but I'm too old to remember for sure.
Amadhiah: Fine, fine. You be a good host now, Rana. Don't let our guests down.
Amadhiah: However, if I was destined, I shouldn't have forgotten about them, either. So when was it...?
Amadhiah: I won't bore you with my stories. Please watch over Rana. She's always been a troublemaker since she was little.
Amadhiah: I wonder when she'll have time to start a family and settle down.
Amadhiah: I've spent my whole life in Vimara Village and never saw anything like this. *sigh*
Amadhiah: Okay, goodbye.
Amadhiah: Rana is a good kid. She works hard every day to keep this old man and the children in Vimara Village safe.
Amadhiah: Rana! You know, the job of a Forest Watcher is important, but you should come around more often.
Amadhiah: She got lost in the woods once when she was seven or eight, for a couple of days...
Amadhiah: That's a great plan. It's for the good of the children, after all.
Amadhiah: The forests of Sumeru are very big, teeming with countless wondrous creatures. But one won't miss what they're destined to find.
Amadhiah: What are you talking about? That sounded like a cabbage from your description.
Amadhiah: You mean the round little plantlike fairies? I think I saw them before, but when and what was it...?
Bahram: Oh? Rana's brought some visitors. Welcome!
Bahram: Welcome. The kids are excited to see visitors too.
Children: Oh no!
Children: Okay!
Children: Okay! Bye, Rana, bye, you two!
Children: Sure!
Iosaphat: It's you! Welcome. Come over for a meal with Rana and the cubs if you get a chance. Got a nice catch today.
Iosaphat: You know it! When you see the kids, tell them a feast is waiting. You interested? And will the visitors join us?
Iosaphat: You're back, Rana! Anything new? Who's the one beside you?
Iotham: Actually, I've heard about them in Granny Jehiet's stories!
Iotham: Alphonso goes out there when no one's looking too. I can help them as soon as I grow up, so they can spend more time in the village.
Iotham: But Sudabeh and Kavus did. Everyone was worried, but not me, because I know Arana would take them home.
Iotham: Don't worry, I know where's safe and not safe. What's more, Starshrooms are tasty, and they give you the energy to keep working hard.
Iotham: Got it.
Iotham: Hahaha! No, they don't!
Iotham: How big is the dragon, though? Big like a house?
Iotham: I picked a bunch of Starshrooms for you, Rana!
Iotham: I want dragon stories! Alphonso told me they exist in the world! He said a huge, evil dragon lives in a place called Mondstadt!
Iotham: I want to be great like a dragon, then I can help Rana and Alphonso. They work very hard. It always takes a long time for Rana to patrol the woods.
Iotham: I'm big now and I'm not scared of anything!
Iotham: If Paimon is the white lady? I guess the dragon isn't that big, after all.
Iotham: It was fun! They told us a story. Dragons actually don't eat people, Rana!
Iotham: It's Rana! Rana is back! With Alphonso too!
Iotham: No, I heard nothing about Aranara.
Iotham: No, I know the woods very well. There's no way I can get lost!
Iotham: No...
Iotham: Oh, that's a desert! Anyway, when I grow up, I want to travel everywhere like you!
Iotham: Okay...
Iotham: On second thought, yeah, they do! Hahaha!
Iotham: Silver Dusk Bird!
Iotham: So dragons don't eat people or Sumpter Beasts! I have to let Alphonso know next time.
Iotham: So what is that dragon like? Alphonso said it is terrifying and pillages Mondstadt!
Iotham: Stories about dragons! Alphonso said they are ancient and very powerful!
Iotham: That's right! Rana would tell us stories every time she's back. She told us about a huge, huge gator last time, and the Sumpter Beastlord!
Iotham: The last one there is a Specter!
Iotham: Uh, I mean Rana! Rana would find them and take them home!
Iotham: Uh, about that...
Iotham: We won't run if Rana's here!
Iotham: When it gets hot, we'll go to the Snezhnaya that Alphonso talked about, where it snows! When it's rainy season, we'll go to Valuka, where Granny Jehiet is from!
Iotham: Wow! If that's true, we can fly around inside a dragon's belly!
Iotham: Wow, I had thought dragons were terrible and would eat Sumpter Beasts and people!
Jehiet: Hey, it's the visitor Rana brought. Welcome.
Jehiet: Stop running on the bridge, you might fall into the water!
Jehiet: We don't have much in the village except a quiet life, so put your feet up and relax.
Kavus: And the Rishboland Raja that snatches bad children away! But I'm old enough to know Rana made that up to scare the kids.
Kavus: Because I don't remember anything. I went into the forest to see my friend and share stories about my sister, then... I just can't remember what happened.
Kavus: Come with us, Rana! And both of you too!
Kavus: Did you catch the Gator Raja this time, Rana?
Kavus: Have you been traveling a long time?
Kavus: I can't tell you. I'm sorry. Although we're friends, I made a pact with Sudabeh and Iotham.
Kavus: I promised to tell you what I know after hearing your story. So, what would you like to know?
Kavus: Like the fish that's as large as an island, or the squid as long as a river, and the story about the puppet and the whale! Also, the turtle carrying an elephant on its back!
Kavus: Never heard of them, but I know about the Gator Raja! It's a very, very big gator in the woods that has lived for a long, long time and is very, very cunning. There was this one time...
Kavus: Of course! I'll be a good big brother to Sudabeh and Iotham!
Kavus: Of course! I'm older than Iotham and Sudar, I have to be stronger than them so I can protect them.
Kavus: Oh, Aranara...
Kavus: Oh, there's a lot of them in the forest! Like the legendary Sumpter Beastlord — it isn't like any ordinary Sumpter Beast and will attack intruders!
Kavus: Sea monsters! I heard there's a lot of big and peculiar monsters in the sea!
Kavus: Sea monsters! I heard there's a lot of big monsters in the sea!
Kavus: Silver Bass!
Kavus: So the serpent has been defeated? What a shame, I wanted to beat it myself when I grew up!
Kavus: Wait, didn't you promise to marry me? Liar!
Kavus: Well...
Kavus: What kind of monsters?
Kavus: When I came to my senses, I was back in the village already. My father held me tightly while everyone was around me, asking me if I was hurt, hungry, or thirsty. Then they wouldn't let me go there again.
Kavus: When I grow up, I want to be a great sailor like Sinbadacus!
Kavus: When I grow up, I want to be a sailor, going on seven voyages and discovering uncharted islands and lands! That's why I want to learn about sea monsters. This way, I can defeat them one day!
Kavus: Wow! That's so cool! Did they find any treasure? Any tales of adventure?
Kavus: Yay! Let's all go to Rana's house!
Kavus: Yeah, I used to, but not lately, since I got lost in there once. At least that's what the adults said.
Kavus: Yeah, a friend to everyone, lives in the forest. Taught us many things, like what wild fruits we shouldn't eat, and which trees would let us climb on them.
Paimon tells the story of the azure-blue dragon in a way that really engages the kids.
Paimon tells the story of the people in the flying castle fighting the sea hydra together in a way that really engages the kids.
Paimon tells the story of the queen and the priestess (both of whom are distinguished ladies) in a way that really engages the kids.
Paimon: (Everyone in the village sure seems to get along!)
Paimon: (Paimon guesses it's a secret between the kids...)
Paimon: (That didn't sound convincing...)
Paimon: (That's suspicious, but Paimon doesn't think we can find out more...)
Paimon: (Traveler) can manipulate the elements, and it should somewhat stave off the Withering's effects!
Paimon: (Traveler) is impressive, right?
Paimon: (True! And about the mysterious creatures too.)
Paimon: (True, these kids might know things adults don't, and about how they went missing...)
Paimon: *exhale* Paimon's not going to get mad at kids... Regardless, you know a lot of animals!
Paimon: *sigh* It seems they know about the mysterious creatures but just don't want to tell us...
Paimon: ...In the end, the lonely robot was still working hard, but that's another story.
Paimon: ...So, with everyone's help, the travelers removed the curse from the dragon and helped it find its friend.
Paimon: Ah, Withering Zone again...
Paimon: Ahem, here it goes: A long, long time ago, in a kingdom faraway, a big dragon with huge wings and sharp fangs laid in deep slumber.
Paimon: Ahem. In a place far away, on the other side of the ocean, there was a lady general and a shrine maiden.
Paimon: Ahem. Once upon a time, there was a sea serpent with many heads living in the ocean! It was taller than a mountain when it stretched out its neck...
Paimon: All right, on to the stories... You're Iotham, right? What story would you like to hear?
Paimon: All right, we'll drop it. Rana and others are very worried about you kids, Iotham. Have you gotten lost in the woods recently?
Paimon: Alright, then, we won't ask more questions. Just be a good girl and don't wander around.
Paimon: And that was how everybody worked together to defeat the serpent and protect the city!
Paimon: Anyway, tell the kids a story in a way that they'll find fun!
Paimon: Arana? Who's that?
Paimon: Aroo! Hehe, our colors match pretty well.
Paimon: As a trade, Iotham, Kavus, and Sudabeh, you'll tell us what you know too.
Paimon: But Paimon thinks you're a good enough fighter to get it done yourself. Paimon means, don't you run into wild animals a lot as a Forest Watcher?
Paimon: But can't you control the elements? What was it? Oh yeah, "Prepare to be blown away!"
Paimon: Come on, they're kids, not villains! Just treat it as a secret they don't want the adults to know.
Paimon: Did that ring a bell, Sudabeh?
Paimon: Do you remember the wondrous creatures we saw before?
Paimon: Don't worry, Rana! (Traveler) has proven to be very reliable in the many encounters throughout our journey.
Paimon: Eh? Is that supposed to be a compliment?
Paimon: Eh? So you've seen Aranara before?
Paimon: Eh? Why?
Paimon: Eh? You have a friend in the forest? Doesn't everyone live in the village?
Paimon: Hehe.
Paimon: Herbs?
Paimon: Hey! (He/She) is only joking. We don't need payment, right, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hey, Paimon might be short, but she's got a big brain!
Paimon: Hey, quit it, you two!
Paimon: Hey, that's because we're buddies and know each other very well!
Paimon: Hey... Isn't there someone that knows stories of the eight-headed hydras, silver-haired banshees, and the wicked abyss dragon? Paimon thinks everyone would be happy if that person was here.
Paimon: Hmm... How should Paimon put it?
Paimon: Hmm... That's a shame, because Rana said she would love to know what an Aranara is!
Paimon: Hmph, Paimon can swallow the whole Vimara Village in one bite, just like the dragon!
Paimon: How about this, we know a lot of stories, and we'll tell them all!
Paimon: Is it something important? We can come back later...
Paimon: It sounds like Alphonso knows the Fatui very well.
Paimon: It's true, all of the plants died.
Paimon: Let's change the topic! Why are you interested in dragon stories, Iotham?
Paimon: Let's drop the formalities, (Traveler) and Rana!
Paimon: Let's go! We can't fall behind!
Paimon: Let's talk about something else...
Paimon: Mm-hmm, so what is that friend like?
Paimon: Mm... But you have a friend in the forest? Doesn't everyone live in the village?
Paimon: No need, Rana, just leave it to us.
Paimon: Not sure, but Paimon does have a sea-monster story.
Paimon: Nothing at all?
Paimon: Oh yeah, making the shrine maiden a priestess, and the general a queen should help you understand it better.
Paimon: Oh, yeah, speaking of the forest, Paimon's got a question...
Paimon: Oh? Could it be related to the round plantlike creatures we saw before?
Paimon: Okay, we understand. Now, be a good boy and don't play outside the village!
Paimon: Paimon can go with the story of Miss Lisa, but Paimon'd prefer another one...
Paimon: Paimon gets it! You're a great kid, Iotham!
Paimon: Paimon's sure you can do it! But if you don't behave and get lost out there, then none of that will happen!
Paimon: Rana and others are very worried about you kids, Iotham. Have you gotten lost in the woods recently?
Paimon: Rana told us they could be Aranara. Have you heard anything about them, Iotham?
Paimon: She does! Also, didn't the priestess in the story say, "Ack-ack-ack! Don't be a tantrum-throwing child who refuses to talk to others!"
Paimon: Shroomboars?
Paimon: Since you can control the elements, you should be able to help!
Paimon: Since you're a Forest Watcher, Rana, you must be very familiar with the woods, right?
Paimon: Sounds like we can probably make a stew with mushrooms out of them! Though Paimon doesn't think that's quite the same thing as what we saw...
Paimon: Still, that's pretty concerning.
Paimon: Storytelling is kinda fun!
Paimon: Sure, our trip to Sumeru has been a very eventful one!
Paimon: That actually makes a lot of sense... But what Paimon wanted to ask about is round, plantlike fairies...
Paimon: That might be the case, but (Traveler) has proven to be very reliable in the many encounters throughout our journey.
Paimon: That's right! Travel and make friends. Just like how we traveled and got to know you! Can we ask you a few questions, Iotham?
Paimon: That's right, good girl. Speaking of the forest...
Paimon: That's right, we cleared a Withering Zone with Tighnari before. Paimon recalls that was near Gandharva Ville, right?
Paimon: There are tigers in Vimara Village?
Paimon: These kids ran faster than birds could fly...
Paimon: They all sound interesting, but we'd like to know about the round, plantlike fairies called Aranara. Do you know about them?
Paimon: They all want different stories...
Paimon: This is a very serious problem! Have you notified the sheriff in Sumeru City yet? Is there anything we can help with?
Paimon: Valuka?
Paimon: We should help!
Paimon: We'll just call it exercising!
Paimon: We're staying in Sumeru for a while and will have time to look into it.
Paimon: Well, Paimon knows several ladies who fit that description, but somehow they all have connections to Electro...
Paimon: Well, we ran across a lot of things on our journey, so we got to learn how to fight.
Paimon: Well, we're not going to ignore those in need.
Paimon: What does Paimon have to do with Whopperflower!?
Paimon: What story would you like to hear, Sudabeh?
Paimon: Whoa, that was fast!
Paimon: Why Weasel Thief!?
Paimon: Wow, Paimon can't believe there's a gator like that! Do you go into the woods often, Kavus?
Paimon: Yeah, they both are!
Paimon: Yeah, we know about that!
Paimon: You don't look like a local, Alphonso. Are you a traveler, too?
Paimon: You know a lot, Sudabeh! So, where should Paimon start...
Paimon: You're getting too excited, Rana.
Paimon: You've heard a lot of stories! Why the interest in sea monsters?
Paimon: ???
Rana gives Amadhiah a brief rundown.
Rana: (Traveler) and Tighnari disposed of a Withering Zone before? I won't go into how dangerous it is, then.
Rana: (Traveler), I'll wait here. If it's too much to handle, get out of there or call for help, and I'll be there.
Rana: *sigh* All right, I understand. I'll wait here. If it's too much to handle, get out of there or call for help, and I'll be there.
Rana: All right. Be safe.
Rana: Allow me to introduce these two impressive travelers who have helped me a lot. And this here is Alphonso, just about the most dependable person in Vimara Village!
Rana: Alright, back to business. (Traveler), let's go whenever you are ready!
Rana: Although children always try to hide their thoughts from adults, you can read their minds like a book.
Rana: And I have a favor to ask. (Traveler) and Paimon, would you mind coming with me?
Rana: And it's been years since! Alphonso is practically one of us now!
Rana: Anyway, how are the kids? They're not running around, are they? I mean, it's not a good time right now...
Rana: Anyway, in all my years in the woods, I've never seen an Aranara.
Rana: Anyway, my friends here came from a place far far away! Why don't we let them tell a story today?
Rana: Anyway, some of the children in Vimara Village have gone missing recently.
Rana: But still, you shouldn't do that. We can't have you injured by the Withering after coming all this way.
Rana: But the land's becoming somewhat peculiar lately, even the Withering Zones are becoming more prolific.
Rana: But we generally dismiss them as just a tale. You sure those weren't just some Shroomboars you saw, (Traveler)?
Rana: But we still shouldn't try. Withering Zones are lethal, and even veteran Forest Watchers wouldn't approach one unless absolutely necessary.
Rana: Come on, (Traveler), let's go whenever you are ready!
Rana: Don't go picking mushrooms anymore, okay, Iotham?
Rana: Don't worry. They saved my life, after all!
Rana: Eh? Now that I think about it, you did show such ability when fending off the Fungi...
Rana: For instance, (Mr. Blond/Miss Blonde) here is way mightier than me, and has met many great people along their journey from far away, right?
Rana: For sure!
Rana: Get up from here, then go straight that way until you find the first Withering Zone.
Rana: Grandpa Amadhiah is getting old, and his eyes are starting to fail him, but he's really nice!
Rana: Hahaha, we'll sort this out later! You'll meet more people when you grow up, people more impressive and better than me.
Rana: Hahahaha! Sorry to digress.
Rana: Hee, here comes trouble!
Rana: Hey now, Grandpa Amadhiah!
Rana: However, you can ask the kids after you get to Vimara Village. They seem to be very into the legend of Aranara.
Rana: I also asked Alphonso to keep an eye on the kids...
Rana: I hope they'll grow up safe and sound.
Rana: I know, I'll be careful, but I should be on the ball because it is dangerous!
Rana: I met this kind, powerful traveler. How about you, caught anything good?
Rana: I plan to form a nightwatch, getting Alphonso, Bahram, and Aurelius to safeguard the perimeter as a group.
Rana: I see. That must've been hard.
Rana: I spotted some Withering Zones there with no one to check them. I'm very worried about kids wandering into one. (Traveler), now that you're here, will you give me a hand with that?
Rana: I'll be there next time! Come on, you've got to go now or Iosaphat is going to finish it all by himself!
Rana: I'm a Forest Watcher, after all. Escorting travelers is my job.
Rana: I'm back! How did it go? Was it fun?
Rana: I'm back, Alphonso!
Rana: I'm back, Grandpa Amadhiah!
Rana: I'm concerned about you. The forest hasn't been the same lately. The animals are getting aggressive and more Fungi have popped up. Same with the Withering Zones, which keep appearing.
Rana: I'm going to have a word with Iosaphat later. It's his job to watch after Kavus and Sudabeh!
Rana: Iotham, didn't you promise me to never wander outside the village? The Rishboland Raja will come and get you if you don't behave!
Rana: It would be great to get powerful, dedicated people like (Traveler) and Paimon on our side!
Rana: It's okay. I'd be more concerned if they actually stay put!
Rana: It's okay. We're just a little uneasy from some recent events.
Rana: It's only been a few days and a new Withering Zone has popped up already. So close to the main road, too...
Rana: Let's go!
Rana: Mm! Let's go, then!
Rana: My patrol is actually not done yet. I've still got to check out the west, and...
Rana: No way! The Withering Zone is lethal, even veteran Forest Watchers wouldn't approach it unless absolutely necessary.
Rana: No, Granny Jehiet and I are both worried. Promise me that you won't run around out there before I figure out what's going on.
Rana: Not sure yet. Maybe later!
Rana: Oh yeah? That's good to hear. I was worried a dragon might fly over here and eat you all some day!
Rana: Oh, that's a "disaster" unique to Sumeru. It's a force that emerges in an area and kills all living things within.
Rana: Oh, they sound like the mythical Aranara! Small, round, plantlike fairies. They are denizens of the woods and guardians of trees.
Rana: Oh. Yes. Grandpa Amadhiah. These two are...
Rana: Okay, follow me!
Rana: Okay, you should go home now. It's about time to eat. Iosaphat said he caught good stuff in the water today!
Rana: Okay. Give me a shout when you're ready.
Rana: Okay... So, I wonder if you guys are interested in joining us? I can vouch for you both.
Rana: Pardon me... Ahem, (Traveler)... Uh, (Mr./Miss)...
Rana: Please, though I have nothing to repay you with...
Rana: Regardless, lemme mark down the location and radius of effect for now. After I take you to Vimara Village, I'll go to Gandharva Ville and bring Tighnari over to help.
Rana: Right, so I've been patrolling nearby recently, looking out for anything unusual. That's also why I just spoke to Amadhiah about forming a nightwatch.
Rana: Silver what, though...?
Rana: So you will help? I really appreciate it! I don't know how I can make it up to you. You've done so much for me...
Rana: Stick around for a minute, Iotham. I want to talk to you.
Rana: Sure! It's not far to the west.
Rana: That is true. However, time is life to me. You saved me time, so you saved my life.
Rana: That said, you got moves, (Traveler)! Where did you learn that?
Rana: That's a good boy, Iotham. You'll be great when you grow up. All right, go eat with Kavus and others.
Rana: That's right, and it will come and get you if you don't behave!
Rana: The best thing about my house is that I can sneak out of it without anyone noticing. That's how I've been running off all the time since I was a kid.
Rana: This is Vimara Village. Let me say hi to Grandpa Amadhiah.
Rana: Time is life to me. You saved me time, so you saved my life!
Rana: Uh-huh, I've lived around here for years and I know every tree in the forest. Really!
Rana: Wait, wait, just listen to me! The missing children always came back in a few days, though they don't remember what happened.
Rana: We've got business to tend to, but thanks for the invite.
Rana: Well, I didn't see the Gator Raja this time, but I brought you a golden lion and a silver...
Rana: What do you think about these kids, (Traveler)?
Rana: When you're ready, I'll take you to Vimara Village. It's smooth sailing from there to either Sumeru City or Port Ormos.
Rana: Whoa, so it's normal for kids?
Rana: With you guys, we can better control the spread of The Withering... Sure, you're probably not familiar with the woods, but that shouldn't be too much of a problem...
Rana: Wondrous creatures...?
Rana: Yeah, I know. I patrol the forest so that those "tiger cubs" can hang out in the woods safely. It was just a mess right now.
Rana: Yeah, I understand. Regardless, I hope they'll grow up safe and sound.
Rana: Yeah, but in the end they would suddenly return when no one was paying attention, and couldn't recall anything when asked.
Rana: Yeah, that's an animal you'll see only in the forests of Sumeru! They are round, green beasts that live in the forest. We'd use them to find precious mushrooms.
Rana: Yeah. Tighnari would be able to eliminate it if he was around. But for someone like me, who doesn't have a Vision and cannot control the elements, it's very dangerous to go into a Withering Zone.
Rana: Yes, very impressive!
Rana: You got the tiger cubs, then. I have a meeting to go to. You kids be good to (him/her) and stay put till I come back.
Rana: You guys are getting good at running. It's going to worry me sick if you run away someday.
Rana: You're amazing! Incredibly amazing!
Sudabeh: (I want to be like Rana when I grow up, so I want to hear stories like that!/Yeah, you are powerful, and very pretty too! But I'm going to be Rana's bride, so I have to be stronger than you!)
Sudabeh: And the Rishboland Raja that couldn't be caught!
Sudabeh: Any story will do! But I'd like it to have a distinguished lady who is smart and powerful. Well, she doesn't have to be a distinguished lady, but the character's got to be determined and loving.
Sudabeh: Are they both distinguished ladies?
Sudabeh: But like how they trust each other, I think Rana would understand why I can't say it.
Sudabeh: Electro is good. It makes plants stronger and bear more fruit.
Sudabeh: Everyone was so awesome! Even though that traveler wasn't a distinguished lady, (he/she) was still strong. That's what I want to be when I grow up.
Sudabeh: I don't know anything about them!
Sudabeh: I don't remember. I just went into the woods to gather herbs.
Sudabeh: I want stories about a distinguished lady who is smart and powerful!
Sudabeh: I want to eat with Rana...
Sudabeh: I want to hear some tales from the woods, Rana!
Sudabeh: I'm going to marry Rana when I grow up!
Sudabeh: It's okay. I'll also age, so you'll always be more mature than me.
Sudabeh: Like Princess Cinnamon who left her palace with a tiger in the fairytale!
Sudabeh: Mm-hmm! Thank you for the story, I love it very much. I'm going to be smart, pretty, and strong just like the priestess!
Sudabeh: No. He warned me not to wander into the forest too, but I wanted to help, so I sneaked off. Then I don't remember the rest.
Sudabeh: Nothing. When I came round, I was already home. My brother said everyone was worried. I know what I did was wrong and will never sneak off into the woods again.
Sudabeh: Oh, she wants to know too? Then...
Sudabeh: Okay... The priestess and the queen are really great friends.
Sudabeh: Rana said you'd tell us stories!
Sudabeh: Round and plantlike... Oh!
Sudabeh: Super Silver Specter!
Sudabeh: Thanks!
Sudabeh: Then I'll marry Rana!
Sudabeh: Uh, no! That sounds mysterious!
Sudabeh: What do you mean by "mysterious"? If I know what they are, they're not mysterious. If I don't, I wouldn't be able to tell you. Sorry...
Sudabeh: When I grow up, I want to be strong, smart, very pretty, and take Rana as my bride.
Sudabeh: When I'm old enough to understand a lot more, I'll tell Rana and you two. But no, not now.
Sudabeh: Where does the priestess come in?
Sudabeh: Yeah. Alphonso said there's a herb to improve grandpa's eyesight. He has trouble seeing things lately and can't even see people coming his way. So I wanted to help grandpa.
Sudabeh: Yes, I'll behave and won't wander outside.
You quickly describe the wondrous creatures you met previously.