 An... explosion?
 I don't need alchemy to be stronger.
 I haven't said yes yet, you know...
 I think I've heard this one before...
 It's not as if we're lacking Mora or anything.
 Quest DescriptionYou hear that a strange person is wandering in the mountain to the east of Sumeru City...
 So about this deal of yours...
 That's opportunism for you...
 This sounds familiar...
 Wavering, are we, Paimon?
 We probably need to stop her from acting impulsively...
 What if she's at the end of her rope?
???: Hehehe... Hahaha...
???: Huh? When did you get here?
???: It is finally complete! The next step: demonstration! I will prove to all of them that this is the greatest of alchemical potions!
???: Talking bad behind someone else's back is rude, you know!
Hajanad: Ahem! Listen, I can make fighters stronger, so let's make a deal, alright?
Hajanad: Alright, it's a deal then! I will wait for good news from you here.
Hajanad: Anyway, a (blond-haired/blonde-haired) outlander with a "White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit"... Today is my lucky day.
Hajanad: But compared to me, most of them are dabblers, with only a few of them having made any progress.
Hajanad: Come to think of it, I'm the one who's seeking for your help, so I should've been more proper when asking you for help.
Hajanad: Go forth and try out the Remelting Device! Discover the Remelting Tablets' potential through countless battles!
Hajanad: Good question! I was just about to show you my newest invention.
Hajanad: Hmm... That's true. For someone who has had such fantastic tales published about them, you must be beyond wealthy...
Hajanad: I believe you must have run into other alchemists studying potions during your travels.
Hajanad: I call this process the "Remelting Effect," the device the "Remelting Device," and the potion "Remelting Tablets."
Hajanad: I have compressed two types of highly concentrated potions into crystallized flakes and divided them into equal pieces. Then I placed them into a sealed and high-pressure environment using an alchemy device.
Hajanad: I know that this doesn't look good on my side, but you will only meet more people who are just like me in the future.
Hajanad: I recall that a Mondstadt alchemist once published a research paper named "Combat Environment Changes Made by the Spread of Aerolized Liquid Potions"...
Hajanad: I sincerely apologize for treating you badly earlier, and for trying to buy you over with Mora!
Hajanad: I will owe you the world if you can help me complete my experiments! When I become a famous researcher, I will never forget what you've done for me!
Hajanad: I've entrusted my academic career to you... and I will wait for good news from you right here!
Hajanad: I've entrusted my fate to you two, so please, help me!
Hajanad: I, Hajanad, am Spantamad's Star of Tomorrow! Just you wait! When I become a famous researcher, I shall dedicate a trash-talk paper specially for you...
Hajanad: If nothing else, I gave you my word and promised you Mora. Others might treat you as free labor. All things considered, our encounter was a rather realistic one, eh?
Hajanad: Not a problem. I have done the necessary experiments many times, so I can guarantee that it is safe!
Hajanad: Of course, I won't take your help for granted. You will be well paid for your trouble.
Hajanad: Of course. There are tons of alchemists around Teyvat just like me, and we strive to explore the full potential of alchemy.
Hajanad: Oh, the naivety! It doesn't matter if you add volatizing elements to the solution, your potion will still fail in spreading speed and density!
Hajanad: Oh? Are you discussing how to test the device?
Hajanad: Supporting battles is one of the most essential services alchemy has to offer. If we can exercise the full potential of our potions, we can even rewrite the rules of battle.
Hajanad: The air will be filled with a refreshing fragrance after the powerful explosion, and the one inhaling it will experience a drastic increase in power.
Hajanad: The pressure caused by the explosion will push the potion vapor out of the device and spread it evenly across a vast area, thus providing support in battle.
Hajanad: There's a domain nearby, actually. According to feedback from other adventurers, it's suitable for the combat tests we wish to conduct.
Hajanad: Wait! Could this little fellow... be the "White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit" from those rumors?
Hajanad: Well, then... pretty please...?
Hajanad: What do you think? Very tempting, right? Don’t you want to try it? Now, all you need to do is watch out for the effects of the potion during battle and help me record any minor performance issues that crop up.
Hajanad: When you need to use the potion, you just ignite the small explosives inside the device. This way, parts of the two flakes will be instantly vaporized and sufficiently mixed together.
Paimon: Come on! She begged us and everything! Also, Paimon's kinda curious as to how powerful her potions might be.
Paimon: Eh... This drastic attitude change and that promise...
Paimon: Geez, she gives Paimon the creeps. (Traveler), let's keep our distance, shall we?
Paimon: Hey, hey! You don't have to worry so much about random strangers, you know?
Paimon: Hmm... Isn't it kinda rude to assume people would just take advantage of us? Still, she does have a point...
Paimon: Maybe she'll be a bit nicer once her research is complete.
Paimon: No hesitation at all!?
Paimon: Plus, Paimon doesn’t think she has bad intentions. Maybe it's just her eagerness toward her studies that made her a bit weird.
Paimon: Remelting...?
Paimon: So you just see us as test subjects, huh? Also, this sounds super dangerous! We're definitely out!
Paimon: We'll consider the offer if you promise 100,000% compensation if something goes wrong...
Paimon: Well... This one can't be harder than a regular adventure commission, so let's just go and test this device out in that domain, shall we?
Paimon: What is this person giggling by a cliff and talking to herself for...?
Paimon: What kinds of rumors were those!? Paimon's never heard of that nickname!
Paimon: Whew, look at her go. Seems like somebody's trying to convince us that she's the best at what she does.
Paimon: Wow, she's a real meanie! And her name sounds so difficult to say!
Paimon: Yeah! So, Ms. Hajanad, you have the strongest potions around, do you? Are you gonna sell them to us at a discount?