
 Don't sweat it.
 Let's fertilize them again.
 Quest DescriptionA rose that once bloomed in Sumeru City may be able to bloom elsewhere, too.
 Sorry about Paimon's outburst.
 Watch your manners, Paimon.
 We can try using Dendro again.
 We were just lending a hand.
 We'll be back.
As you talk to Sabbah, new leaves begin to sprout...
Bright and beautiful, these pure purple flowers give off a pleasant fragrance that will give any passerby pause. While some like to call this a type of "rambler rose," its relative lack of multiple flowers means that it falls under a different floral classification.
Paimon: Butter Chicken! How could we refuse? A big plate for Paimon, please!
Paimon: Okay, sorry...
Paimon: Piece of cake. We got this!
Paimon: See, didn't Paimon tell you that Miss Sabbah speaks in a refined way, just like the researchers we've met?
Paimon: What? You were a researcher?
Paimon: You planted these because you wanted to continue studying roses, right?
Paimon: You shouldn't have... You didn't have many to begin with...
Paimon: You're so nice, Miss Sabbah! Your roses will surely grow and flower, just like you wanted!
Sabbah picks one and hands it to you and Paimon.
Sabbah: (I used to plant flowers at the Akademiya together with other scholars... I wonder how's everyone doing...)
Sabbah: A rose garden is magnificent, but a single rose also has beauty of its own. I've been intrigued by roses ever since my scholarly days.
Sabbah: And no matter what I said, you never thought it was nonsense or interrupted me.
Sabbah: Anyway, just take it. To me, this is no loss. I am freely sharing my happiness.
Sabbah: As for me, I once studied the impact of geographical changes on the evolution of roses.
Sabbah: Exploring the possibilities is a lot of fun for me. Back then, I would happily collect samples every day.
Sabbah: Generally speaking, if a germ is in good shape, it should grow quickly enough, but these few have been dormant so far...
Sabbah: I did this because I love this world and want to understand the life cycle of plants.
Sabbah: I feel at ease when I talk to you.
Sabbah: I made some Butter Chicken. You're welcome to dine with me if you're hungry.
Sabbah: I wouldn't say that. To be honest, I don't think that researchers' interest in their subjects should be cultivated just for research's sake alone.
Sabbah: I'll have small gifts for you too. Though I have no use for them now, you might like them.
Sabbah: I'll heat some up and pack it for you. It's the least I could do to show my gratitude for your help.
Sabbah: I'm not sure if it's because the soil isn't fertile enough. I may have to add more fertilizer if this keeps up.
Sabbah: If you still feel awkward, just visit me often, and bring some Sumeru Roses with you.
Sabbah: It's all right. After all, this wouldn't have been possible without your help.
Sabbah: It's okay, there's no need to be so formal. It's only human nature to love food.
Sabbah: Just consider this. If the environments in Sumeru had changed in a totally different way, how would these roses have adapted?
Sabbah: Looking back now, that was a simple and joyful time.
Sabbah: Maybe they might have even developed a spectrum of colors... White, red, and gold... Brand new species in their own right.
Sabbah: My only worry is that they are growing slowly.
Sabbah: Of course, very few people discover new species nowadays, much less develop new species like the top researchers used to do.
Sabbah: Please do return.
Sabbah: Right, I haven't told you yet... I'm not a native of Aaru Village. I "moved" here from the Akademiya.
Sabbah: Supposedly, there are people who can control the elements without a Vision, but such people are of universally ill repute...
Sabbah: Thank you again. Honestly, it gladdens my heart to see Sumeru Roses grow in this environment.
Sabbah: There you are. You're very punctual.
Sabbah: Well, I've been keeping the soil moist, so the sprouts have been coming along.
Sabbah: What I want to say is that there's a vast amount of potential in every rose.
Sabbah: Would they have crawled up the walls like ivy? If so, the walls of the Akademiya would now be covered in roses.
Sabbah: Would they have formed clusters? A natural bouquet! Wouldn't that have been lovely?
Sabbah: Would you do me this favor, then?
Sabbah: You don't seem to have a Vision, and yet you can control Dendro. You're no ordinary adventurer, I think.
Sabbah: You, however, have a good heart. Don't stray onto the wrong path!
Sumeru Roses Planted by Sabbah: (These are the Sumeru Roses that you and Sabbah planted together. She has gifted one to you. You should leave the rest to keep her company.)
The flower buds slowly open and blossom into Sumeru Roses.
The leaves unfold, revealing flower buds.