

(The Traveler shows up wearing the Fatui mask they received from Diluc in Chasing Shadows)
 "To someone else's place."
 Are you really a bandit from the Eremites?
 But according to the Emergency Adjustment Plan...
 But we won't stay away!
 Don't get cocky! Tell the truth!
(Lose 1.5 Hearts)
Kasim: Ah... So actually, I was once away from Sumeru for a while, calling myself "Kasim the Sumeru Bandit" and getting into contact with the Fatui... Hehe...
Kasim: Then I returned, started recruitment funded by the Fatui, and became the real "Kasim the Bandit" here in the Eremites. But coins have two sides... I can't really reject any requests from the Fatui from then on...
Paimon: So that's what happened...
 He must've sneaked away!
 I see...
 It's us!
 Let's just hear him out for now...
 Let's just take it as clearing out the Fatui!
 Let's wipe them all out!
 No one else but us!
 Quest DescriptionThere are several strange camps in the Sumeru forest, and each camp has a strange machine installed within. The Fatui seem to be using these machines to do something weird. It's best to investigate this matter...
 Really?
(No change in Hearts)
Paimon: Seems that anything could appear in the Sumeru ruins...
 Tell us what the machines are used for!
 The Eremites are Sumeru locals after all...
(No change in Hearts)
Kasim: Some sages in the Akademiya are officially in cooperation with the Fatui, but the Fatui can't really reach Sumeru through the secret moves... And that's when I come to help!
Paimon: He's actually proud...
 The Eremites certainly aren't picky about who they recruit.
(No change in Hearts)
Kasim: We are the Eremites, after all. We're from different places and all walks of life, haha!
 Then let's go and meet the Corps of Thirty...
(Lose 1.5 Hearts)
Kasim: Oh, stop mentioning the Corps of Thirty, will you? We could always talk... Ugh, okay, "Kasim the Bandit" is just a stage name. You just need a title for swindling...
Kasim: That's how the Fatui bought my words this time...
 Uh-oh!
 You're lying again! Is your face itching or what?
(Lose 2.0 Hearts)
Kasim: ...Alright, I'll tell you the truth. I actually bought the machines from a researcher named Abattouy. I forgot the details, but he called them some kind of extractor as well!
Kasim: So I just forged a new name, and branded them as something for energy extraction from the Withering Zones...
Kasim: After all, I just need something that appears convincing to the Fatui. The machines actually look legit right? Hehehe...
 You're much weaker than I imagined...
"A Guide to Clandestine Contact With the Fatui": "At night, go near the tents in Apam Woods. Light four torches there..."
"A Guide to Clandestine Contact With the Fatui": "Remember, the code is: Never bring your own rule book to someone else's place..."
"A Guide to Clandestine Contact With the Fatui": "Then, go towards the signal lights. The stronghold lies where the lights come from"... Wow, so this is how they've been communicating...
???: Kasim... how are these Saghira Machines working?
Kasim flees in a hurry...
Kasim: (I need to find some way to shake those Fatui off my tail...)
Kasim: ...Ah, can you see the mountains over there?
Kasim: ...Alright, I'll tell you the truth. I actually bought the machines from a researcher named Abattouy. I forgot the details, but he called them some kind of extractor as well!
Kasim: ...I should leave now.
Kasim: After all, I just need something that appears convincing to the Fatui. The machines actually look legit right? Hehehe...
Kasim: Ah, as things stand now, I might as well tell you everything... I've been providing fake experiment results, and they seem to be suspecting me...
Kasim: Ah, so you're asking about the Saghira Machines. The Fatui somehow wanted something for energy extraction from Withering Zones, so I provided some...
Kasim: Ah... So actually, I was once away from Sumeru for a while, calling myself "Kasim the Sumeru Bandit" and getting into contact with the Fatui... Hehe...
Kasim: And the Fatui will respond with signal lights. So if you see bright spots on nearby cliffs...
Kasim: And the second half is "to someone else's place."
Kasim: Come on, let's try it out. "Never bring your own rule book..."
Kasim: Go ahead. I promise I'll tell everything in my knowledge, hehe...
(A Willpower meter appears starting at 5.0 Hearts)
Kasim: Great, go ahead! For the sake of not revealing my true identity to the Fatui, please catch them!
Kasim: Hehe, I'll get outta here then. Wish you success!
Kasim: Hehe, see... I've given you such important information. Perhaps you could, you know... let me off the hook...
Kasim: Hm, Fatuus, you won't lose to some random adventurer who broke in, will you?
Kasim: I have no idea whether the Withering Zones are really drained of energy or not. Anyway, the Fatui know nothing about it, and I would always make up some experiment results...
Kasim: I'll reveal the location of the stronghold. Please catch them. This way, the Fatui would never know that I've been fabricating the results...
Kasim: Near the tents in the Apam Woods, there are four torches. Light them at night...
Kasim: Not every bandit is known for their physical strength...
Kasim: Oh, stop mentioning the Corps of Thirty, will you? We could always talk... Ugh, okay, "Kasim the Bandit" is just a stage name. You just need a title for swindling...
Kasim: Oh? It's you. Seems like you've beaten Oleg... But you know what? I'm Kasim, the legendary bandit! You get outta my way right now, and I'll go easy on you...
Kasim: Ouch... Geez, don't hit me... Stooop that!
Kasim: So I just forged a new name, and branded them as something for energy extraction from the Withering Zones...
Kasim: Some sages in the Akademiya are officially in cooperation with the Fatui, but the Fatui can't really reach Sumeru through the secret moves... And that's when I come to help!
Kasim: Sure, with you two here in Sumeru, I won't do anything mischievous ever, ever again! So, just forgive me this time!
Kasim: That's how the Fatui bought my words this time...
Kasim: That's right. It took me quite some effort to dig them out of the ruins...
Kasim: That's right. Let me see, the first half is "Never bring your own rule book..."
Kasim: Their stronghold... Ah, of course I know where it is... It's located in...
Kasim: Then I returned, started recruitment funded by the Fatui, and became the real "Kasim the Bandit" here in the Eremites. But coins have two sides... I can't really reject any requests from the Fatui from then on...
Kasim: They came for my hard-earned reputation in the Eremites, of course...
Kasim: This is the result report. And if nothing goes wrong, it won't take long for you to get what you want...
Kasim: Trofin Snezhevich... I've never heard that name in Sumeru...
Kasim: We are the Eremites, after all. We're from different places and all walks of life, haha!
Kasim: Well, hehe, isn't that good news to you...
Kasim: What's in it for me to lie to you?
Kasim: Working good, Oleg...
Kasim: Yes, sure...
Kasim: Yes. The Fatui behind the gate will ask you for the watchword, and only those who get it right can enter...
Oleg runs away amidst the chaos...
Oleg: (Gah, why do my experiments keep getting interrupted!? I was getting somewhere good, too...)
Oleg: ...Hmph, no way. You must be daydreaming!
Oleg: ...Wait, wh—who is there? How did you get in here?
Oleg: ...What's happening here, no one could make you behave, right?
Oleg: Alright, it seems that you were the one turning off the machines behind my back. Now let's... pick some proper fight!
Oleg: Anyway, you know what I mean.
Oleg: Argh, lost again...
Oleg: But if you dare lie to me... you will pay the price!
Oleg: Come on, I've been attacked... I've fought you three times... What made you think you could fool me with a mask...
Oleg: Do you know why I let you in even after I recognized you? Well, it's a trap!
Oleg: Eh? No way... Ahem, watchword, please. "Never bring your own rule book..."
Oleg: Geez, what are you after?
Oleg: Get (him/her)! This is the brat that hampered our experiment!
Oleg: Haha, of course you haven't. Surely he wouldn't use this name to reveal himself... The Lord Harbinger sent him here, but he's made no progress all these years.
Oleg: Hahaha, great! With your help, we will be able to complete the order of our Lord Harbingers in no time.
Oleg: Hmph, Trofin Snezhevich... That guy didn't achieve anything here in the past few years, whereas I have already gotten results. Well, won't we see what he has to say for himself then?
Oleg: Hmph, and you took over the camps, stopped the Saghira Machines, and interrupted our experiment!
Oleg: Hmph, come in already, you... Hmph, you must be the newbies here for support. What took you so long?
Oleg: How about this? I give you Mora, and you get out of the way, you in?
Oleg: How can you slack off like this!? Don't you understand how important the Saghira Machines are!?
Oleg: I bet you are one of those who'd do anything for Mora, right?
Oleg: If I weren't exhausted by retaking the camp... Ugh, I'll get you next time!
Oleg: If only the experiments went well, I would...
Oleg: If we can extract Withering Zones' energy and convert it to a controllable form, just the thought of it fills me with excitement!
Oleg: Including that Kasim... Hmph!
Oleg: Just how!
Oleg: None of your business, Eremite guy. I'll beat down this rude intruder and head to the research camp we talked about.
(Kasim leaves...)
Oleg: Our Lord Harbingers will be most impressed if I succeed.
Oleg: So, I will not tolerate any mistakes. Once the mission is complete and a way for large-scale extraction of The Withering is found...
Oleg: The next step will be to erase all traces of the Fatui here, and everything will turn out just as planned.
Oleg: Those are the machines for energy extraction from Withering Zones!
Oleg: Ugh, I've fought too much today... Gotta get some rest at the stronghold...
Oleg: Ugh, why are you so annoying? That's some beef between us, just you wait!
Oleg: We were actually defeated... even with so many members...
Oleg: You again? Please just leave me alone... Stay away, okay?
Oleg: You have no idea how important this experiment is! You are not only late, but...
Oleg: You're too slow. All of it must be resolved as soon as possible for the success of the plan.
Paimon: "Since the Saghira Machine operation is an important link in Snezhnaya's research projects in Sumeru, there is no room for failure... Recently our research camps have suffered from repeated breaches of security, resulting in the breakdown of the machines..."
Paimon: Alright, let's go to Apam Woods and get those Fatui!
Paimon: Are you really some legendary bandit...?
Paimon: As you can see in this picture, the camp we are in is the starting point for the patrol.
Paimon: But Kasim was initially meeting with the Fatui here... Maybe we can find some clues around.
Paimon: But Paimon doesn't see anything unusual there. Kasim... Huh? Where did he go?
Paimon: But listen, we'll take the Mora...
Paimon: But we might as well deal with the Fatui first.
Paimon: Eh? The Eremite guy! So the last camp was the place he agreed to meet the Fatui...
Paimon: He said he was going back to base to rest. In other words, he won't be patrolling the last camp on the map...
Paimon: He's actually proud...
Paimon: Hehe, yeah. Then, "we need to retake the camp. Patrols will be stepped up today... Make your rounds in the order of the camps marked on this map..."
Paimon: Hey, (Traveler), look! There he is! It's that Fatuus!
Paimon: Hm, that's a slick tongue. We should really ask him some right questions!
Paimon: Hmm, Paimon couldn't even see his moves... it's like one blink, and he's gone!
Paimon: Hmph, behave yourself after this! If you're found doing any tricks again... we'll see you with the Corps of Thirty!
Paimon: Hmph, if only we knew where this operation stronghold is...
Paimon: Huh, someone broke through their camps multiple times. That's impressive. Paimon wonders who those kind and brave people are!
Paimon: Huh, that's a quick getaway...
Paimon: In short, the Fatui turned to you for some strange experiment, telling you to set the suspicious suction fans in the camps...
Paimon: It is him! Ugh, he didn't realize that he dropped something, did he?
Paimon: Let's check the camp first!
Paimon: Let's see what it says...
Paimon: Look here! It's a book named "A Guide to Clandestine Contact With the Fatui"... Paimon wonders if we can find clues regarding the Fatui operation stronghold here...
Paimon: Machines for energy extraction from Withering Zones!?
Paimon: Nah, that's not gonna happen. The machine named San-something from Kasim won't extract anything from the Withering Zones...
Paimon: One... Two... Next up is camp number three on the patrol route. We aren't gonna run into him there, right...
Paimon: Oops, (Traveler), they found us!
Paimon: Paimon guesses he had no idea that we had his plan, though. Just look at his surprised face...
Paimon: Right, before talking to the Fatui inside, we should disguise ourselves... Put on a mask or something...
Paimon: Seems that anything could appear in the Sumeru ruins...
Paimon: Shhh, (Traveler), look over there! An Eremite member and... a Fatuus!
Paimon: So that's what happened...
Paimon: So the Fatui stronghold lies in that direction... Okay, let's get all the Fatui over with!
Paimon: So they need to recapture these four camps! Interesting that the Fatui would seek help from the Eremites...
Paimon: Speaking of this, how on earth did the Fatui find you?
Paimon: Speaking of this, since you've been working with the Fatui for so long, Paimon bets you know where their stronghold is!
Paimon: That means the Fatui operation stronghold lies right there! What an interesting communication method...
Paimon: That's to say, he's been lying to you all this time!
Paimon: That's true though... Paimon doesn't know which is more evil between you and the Fatui.
Paimon: The mountains over there? You mean that's where the Fatui stronghold lies?
Paimon: They even have a code! Traveler, let's give it a try. "Never bring your own rule book..."
Paimon: They even set up a watchword!
Paimon: They say "never bring your own rule book to someone else's place," but hmph! The Fatui brought this contact rule with them to Sumeru...
Paimon: This Fatuus is actually skilled in running away!
Paimon: To stop you from doing bad things, of course!
Paimon: Ugh, how does he manage to escape every time? Just why...
Paimon: Uh-huh! Now let's head to the camps in order. We'll definitely catch the Fatui!
(Obtain "Emergency Adjustment Plan")
Paimon: Uh... And it goes "...set out from the action stronghold and execute the above plan." So they even have an operation stronghold...
Paimon: Um... Maybe we should send this guy to the Sheriff...
Paimon: Wah, that's so despicable!
Paimon: Wait, the thing he left behind is... an "Emergency Adjustment Plan"?

Paimon: We were so close to the key information!
Paimon: What's that? You're lying to the Fatui too!
Paimon: Whoa, (Traveler), this Fatui guy does know us well!
Paimon: Wow, he's really rotten to the core. The Fatui got into some serious trouble cooperating with him!
Paimon: Wow, hope the Fatui could actually honor their watchword...
Paimon: Yes, you're right. We can't leave the weird suction fans activated like that...
Paimon: You can repent all you want with the Corps of Thirty, and remember to stay away from Sumeru for the rest of your life!
Rukh Shah leaves...
Rukh Shah: (Ugh, Kasim's at it again, isn't he...)
Rukh Shah: According to researchers' investigation, even though no influence was exerted on the Withering Zones, the mere operation of the machines has somehow polluted the environment. If we failed to stop them in time...
Rukh Shah: Besides, the bounty on Kasim has been raised according to your report... That guy has always been a fraud that gives us headaches.
Rukh Shah: But due to ownership issues, it may not be possible to bring all the camps under our direct management... I won't be too worried about it though.
Rukh Shah: Even those Eremite mercenaries fell for his scam this time. He went behind the Corps of Thirty and contacted them directly, offering to share a huge payout for extracting energy from the Ley Lines...
Rukh Shah: Here, take your rewards for turning in the Fatui! We caught them all thanks to you.
Rukh Shah: Never mind. I'll teach him a lesson the next time I see him!
Rukh Shah: The forest might be damaged.
Rukh Shah: Were it not for you, we'd never have known what suspicious things the camp has been used for... We will take away these Fatui.
Rukh Shah: Yes, the Corps of Thirty will take custody of these machines, and similar incidents should be prevented in the future...
You inform Parchamdar Rukh Shah from the Corps of Thirty.He and his subordinates take the Fatui away.