
Neat Note
By the time you see this note, I should already have ensconced myself in a safehouse within the valley.
If your head is still on your shoulders, do not weep for Tadhla's choice.
This hunt is not yet over. This is just the beginning of the storm.
Thus does Masseira the Hunter, elder of Tanit, warn you.
 ...
 How's it going?
 I have other things to do...
Masseira: Please, hear me out. Tadhla wants to talk to you.
 I heard you wanted to talk to me.
 I understand.
Masseira: Yes. Please, treat her well.
 Quest DescriptionMasseira tells you that Tadhla is waiting for you in the place where you first met. Sounds like Tadhla has something urgent to talk to you about...
 Well then, what do you need help with?
Masseira: It is Tadhla. She wants to talk to you.
 What did you say?
Masseira: The ruins in the north, around where you first met each other. Don't forget.
By the time you see this note, I should already have ensconced myself in a safehouse within the valley.
If your head is still on your shoulders, do not weep for Tadhla's choice.
Liloupar: He left a note. Hmph, that sly old fox.
Liloupar: Seems like he fled the tribe under certain pressure and left this note for you. Hmph, the Tanit sure are not as peaceful as they seem.
Liloupar: This is the choice of her own will: To no longer live as a Falcon, but as a friend.
Masseira: (...Before the mist of the morning, before the mirage of the noon, my Falcon takes off...)
Masseira: Ah, you've come. A moment, if you please. This should be the last time that I ask a favor of you.
Masseira: It is Tadhla. She wants to talk to you.
Masseira: Please, hear me out. Tadhla wants to talk to you.
Masseira: The ruins in the north, around where you first met each other.
Masseira: The ruins in the north, around where you first met each other. Don't forget.
Masseira: This is her choice. I hope you will respect that.
Masseira: Yes. Please, treat her well.
Neat Note
Paimon: But, Tadhla, did you ask us to come here just for that?
Paimon: Darn it, Masseira is gone!
Paimon: Eh? Why so formal?
Paimon: Huh? What does he mean by all this? Paimon doesn't get it.
Paimon: Tadhla? Tadhla! Uh, she—
Paimon: Yeah... The desert is all dyed with the color of the sunset. So peaceful and quiet...
Tadhla: (…My heartbeat hasn't slowed down… Is this excitement? Or fear? I'm scared, but also very excited…)
Tadhla: ...
Tadhla: Here you are. I am happy that you came.
Tadhla: I've always liked the desert at this time of the day. It's beautiful. It's my favorite sight.
Tadhla: Only it is a shame that I never had the chance to watch the sunset with my friends.
Tadhla: Please... do not... forget me!
Tadhla: So, I am sorry.
Tadhla: To the Tanit, you are guests. To Falcons, you are potential prey. But I hope you are the ones who will survive.
Tadhla: Ugh! It hurts, but I'm happy nonetheless!
This hunt is not yet over. This is just the beginning of the storm.
Thus does Masseira the Hunter, elder of Tanit, warn you.