 I will.
 In that case, I'll help you out.
Vardan: We would be most grateful!
(Continues to one of the following sections)
 Quest DescriptionHerb grower Vardan and his son Gurgen are distressed by something...
 Roses can be used as medicine?
 Well, I hope the roses will grow well.
 What's bothering you?
 What's wrong with this rose?
Vardan: For some reason, it is growing incredibly slowly.
Vardan: Our experience tells us that this is usually either a soil or a pest problem.
Vardan: But we have planted other herbs here using using the same soil, and those have grow up just fine.
Gurgen: We also perform pest control every day. So it can't be the pests...
Gurgen: This is no time to get obsessed with the possibilities. Any more stalling, and we won't be able to deliver the roses to Bimarstan on time.
Vardan: Our current plan is to fertilize the soil with a special fertilizer.
Vardan: But we need to take care of other fields at the same time. As such, we haven't any time left to collect materials for the fertilizer.
Vardan: Traveler, for the sake of the patients at Bimarstan, would you please do us this favor?
 I will.
Vardan: We would be most grateful!
Vardan: Let's see. Our current situation is...
(Continues to one of the following sections)
 You've tried using fertilizers before already?
Gurgen: (What's the problem with the rose!)
Gurgen: But they did amazingly in the other fields. Honestly, I wonder what's going on here...
Gurgen: If we really had doubled the amount of water, the soil would be soaked. But see, the moisture levels seem normal.
Gurgen: Let's hope they'll actually take effect this time, unlike the ones we've used before.
Gurgen: Many thanks, Traveler. We could have been all tuckered out by now if it wasn't for you.
Gurgen: That can't be. Maybe you're just too tired.
Gurgen: The soil is good. We've disposed of the weeds and pests. So what's going on here?
Gurgen: This is no time to get obsessed with the possibilities. Any more stalling, and we won't be able to deliver the roses to Bimarstan on time.
Gurgen: We also perform pest control every day. So it can't be the pests...
Gurgen: We can't go on like this, Father. The roses are not growing well.
Gurgen: With enough water, the roses will definitely start growing again!
Vardan: (I gotta think of something...)
Vardan: But we have planted other herbs here using using the same soil, and those have grow up just fine.
Vardan: But we need to take care of other fields at the same time. As such, we haven't any time left to collect materials for the fertilizer.
Vardan: For some reason, it is growing incredibly slowly.
Vardan: I felt like we used at least twice as much water as usual.
Vardan: I guess so...
Vardan: Let's see. Our current situation is...
Vardan: Maybe we buried the rose so deep that it couldn't get enough water?
Vardan: No worries. We will take good care of the roses for the sake of the patients and doctors at Bimarstan.
Vardan: Oh? Are you here to buy herbs?
Vardan: Our current plan is to fertilize the soil with a special fertilizer.
Vardan: Our experience tells us that this is usually either a soil or a pest problem.
Vardan: Soil fertility aside, perhaps "water" might also be a problem...
Vardan: Still, I really feel like we used a lot more water than usual this time...
Vardan: Strange... It took so much water to permeate the soil thoroughly this time.
Vardan: That's a question you need to direct toward the doctors at Bimarstan.
Vardan: The most important herb of all is the special "Sumeru Rose".
Vardan: These will do the trick. Thank you so much, Traveler!
Vardan: They say the rose can be used in tandem with other medicines to cure heatstroke and soothe stomachaches, and that it even has some other benefits... none of which I recall at the moment.
Vardan: Traveler, Please help us water the nearby roses.
Vardan: Traveler, could we trouble you to get us some Harra Fruits?
(Submit Harra Fruit ×3)
Vardan: Traveler, could you help us water the rose, please?
Vardan: Traveler, for the sake of the patients at Bimarstan, would you please do us this favor?
Vardan: Traveler, take these as our thanks, please.
Vardan: We did use some ordinary ones. They didn't work well... Well, they didn't work at all.
Vardan: We have some reserves of other ingredients for this type of special fertilizer, but we have run out of Harra Fruit.
Vardan: We must work out something quick, or we won't be able to deliver all the herbs on time this year!
Vardan: We would be most grateful!
Vardan: We'll need a lot of special fertilizer.
Vardan: Well, we send batches of herbs to Bimarstan at regular intervals.
Vardan: Well, we shan't keep you any further. Take these as our thanks, please.
Vardan: Whew... The soil should have enough moisture for now.
Vardan: With this special fertilizer, the fertility of the soil shouldn't be a problem, and the rose will surely grow well.