

(Obtain Withered Kusava)

Aranaga: So... Aranakin, Aragaru, let's start the ritual.

"Come, come, dreams of the garden, memories of the forest...""Come, come, wind that doesn't return, water that doesn't flow backwards...""Come, come, sweet dreams and bitter aftertastes."

"Farewell, let us say:""Old leaves, swollen fruit...""Drifted dreams, fallen flowers."

"Wait, let us.""Season of rain returns, plants rejoice...""The pomegranate sings, the apples clap."
 (Offer Arahaoma)
 About the memory...
 Ad Oblivione...?
Aranaga: Yes, the wind that flows forever, the thousand winds that return to one. But, on earth is the stream, and the ubiquitous is the wind. Everlasting, devastating.
Paimon: You've lost Paimon...
 Chase away Fungi for you?
 Doesn't Aranaga still need to catch up on the old times, with the Yajna Grass...?
 Don't disturb them.
 Don't get too excited, Paimon.
 He meant time's running out.
 I am ready.
Paimon: Paimon too!
(Start the ritual)
 I have other things to do.
Aranaga: Alright, but it won't wait for us, the rising and setting of the moon. So hurry there and back, please do. But... No need to rush. Here, we will wait for you.
 I'm (Traveler).
 I'm guessing you mean "hope"?
Aranaga: Yeah, right you are, Golden Nara (Traveler). The thing that flows, cannot be seen, cannot be touched... Hope. Like the wind... But it never dissipates, like a dream.
 I'm okay.
 Is it... wisdom?
Aranaga: Wisdom... Flowing memory, wisdom. Stagnant wisdom, Marana's lair. So, living memory gives birth to living wisdom, and dead Marana will dissipate. Nara Varuna said... that the dead cannot defeat the living.
 It's Mawtiyima.
Paimon: How do you actually remember this name!?
 Let's talk about this when we've solved the problem.
 Little bean is right. Paimon is indeed soft and fluffy.
Paimon: It's weird to hear you say that!
Aranaga: It's not little bean, it's Aranaga. Golden melon Nara is doofus Nara, likes to be bad.
 I'm (Traveler).
 Paimon's silhouette does resemble a mushroom.
Paimon: No, it does not!
 I'm (Traveler).
 Paimon, it might not be what you think...
 Please rest more.
 Quest DescriptionAranaga is waiting for you in the Mawtiyima Forest. Hurry, go help him.
 Rejuvenate the soil for you?
 Shh...
 So you came to us?
 Spend more time in the sun and your head will clear up.
 Step DescriptionAranaga seems to have something to say to you...
 Step DescriptionAranaga told you the location of the Yajna Grass. Next, it is time to go with him to find it.
 Step DescriptionAranaga's little garden is close to Jamikayomars. You can't miss it.
 Step DescriptionClean up the pollution caused by The Withering and save Mawtiyima.
 Step DescriptionIt's over, but the Aranara seem to still have something to say to you.
 Step DescriptionJamikayomars is located at the entrance of Mawtiyima. Use the elixir to awaken him and open up the closed passageway.
 Step DescriptionJoin the three Aranara in using the Kusava's power of dreams to clean up the influence of The Withering from the surrounding areas.
 Step DescriptionNext, you need to go to where Mawtiyima is located and face the perils of The Withering.
 Step DescriptionOnly Mawtiyima needs rescuing now. Borrow the dreams and memories of the Aranara to clean up the last Withering Zone.
 Step DescriptionThe Aranara are ready and waiting for you to perform the Arahaoma ritual...
 Step DescriptionThe Aranara seem to have something to say to you...
 Step DescriptionThe Aranara seems to have something to say to you...
 Step DescriptionThe seal on the Yajna Grass has been lifted. You now just need to pick it with Aranaga.
 Step DescriptionTo save Mawtiyima, there is still one last Withering Zone to clear...
 Step DescriptionTwisted fungal beasts, exceptionally abominable thanks to the relentless environment of the Withering Zone. It is only through defeating them that the threat of The Withering can be completely eliminated!
 Step DescriptionWhen the moon is in the middle of the sky, Arahaoma's sweet dreams will merge with the slumber of the forest.
 Step DescriptionWork with Aranaga to break the seal on the Yajna Grass.
 Talking in this way as well, Paimon is.
Paimon: Hey! That's none of your business!
 That was sudden...
Paimon: Yeah...
 The thing that takes away dreams...?
Aranaga: The living memory of nature, dream. Man-made dead thing, mechanism. Taking away living memory, grinding and crushing to extract its juice, like a grinder, for dominion and domestication... Don't like this, Aranara.
Paimon: Eh... Why?
Aranaga: Because the garden of freedom, the source of power, dreams and memories, not only for Aranara, but also for Nara. But Nara don't know. Not good action... extraction, grinding.
Aranaga: Memories and dreams are gone, reason for action is gone, strength is also gone.
Paimon: Hmmm... Paimon doesn't get it...
 There's no time to lose. Let's take the Yajna Grass away.
 They have already been gathered.
 We have to pick up the pace.
 We will.
 Well, we just have to go in, right...?
 What is it, Arahaoma?
 Why us?
 Yes, anything unusual, we haven't seen...
Paimon: Talking like this? Since when did you start...
 You guys will forget, won't you?
 You mean courage?
Aranaga: Yes, that's right. Seeds must be sturdy to withstand Marana. Only seeds with hard shells will not let Marana penetrate their soft cores. Only seeds with thorns will prick Marana.
 You've said this before.
"Come, come, dreams of the garden, memories of the forest...""Come, come, wind that doesn't return, water that doesn't flow backwards...""Come, come, sweet dreams and bitter aftertastes."
"Farewell, let us say:""Old leaves, swollen fruit...""Drifted dreams, fallen flowers."
"Wait, let us.""Season of rain returns, plants rejoice...""The pomegranate sings, the apples clap."
(Destroy the third Withering Branch)
???: Golden Nara... Yep, that's right, Nara (Traveler), and the Floaty, White Floaty.
Aragaru: Bang bang! Ha! Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty are mighty! Happy to adventure with you! Thanks!
Aragaru: I wanted to give you meaty bugs... But Aranaga said Nara don't like eating those... so I gave you a flower too!
Aragaru: I'll give you my flower, too! Please accept it!
Aragaru: It's okay, we will still be friends as long as we remember you.
Aragaru: Mawtiyima wants to share her dreams with us, so we can't leave yet...
Aragaru: Remember to come play with us, Golden Nara and White Floaty!
(Quest ends)
Aragaru: The Arahaoma ritual is about to begin. What are we waiting for?
Aragaru: The memories we described to you, the story we experienced, will definitely remain in dreams!
Aragaru: Why do you look sad now? Please don't be sad. We're still going to play together at Festival Utsava!
Aragaru: Yea, here, here!
Aragaru: Yeah! Let's go and defeat Marana together!
Aragaru: Yep! Aragaru wants to say the same!
Aranaga whispers to the plant for a while...
Aranaga: "...During the first moon, made the Fungi came to life, Mawtiyima. During the second moon, the branches woke up."
Aranaga: "During the third moon, startled lazy flowers from sleep, Mawtiyima. They blossomed one by one, lively and rambunctious," said the long-lived trees...
Aranaga: "On the ground, the moon cast shadows, shadows of the chattering leaves..."
Aranaga: ...
Aranaga: After Arahaoma is offered, Jamikayomars will awaken, then our memory will flow out, flow into the forest.
Aranaga: Alright, but it won't wait for us, the rising and setting of the moon. So hurry there and back, please do. But... No need to rush. Here, we will wait for you.
Aranaga: And... Thank you.
Aranaga: Aranaga, I am. Little bean, I am not. Soft-Fluffy White-Mushroom Floaty.
Aranaga: Aranara trust you, so please trust Aranaga as well. Let Aranaga bring you there.
Aranaga: As long as... still remember you, we can.
Aranaga: Because White Floaty is silly.
Aranaga: Because is here, Mawtiyima. Protects us, protects the forest, Mawtiyima. So can gather with friends, help friends thrive, Aranaga.
Aranaga: Because the garden of freedom, the source of power, dreams and memories, not only for Aranara, but also for Nara. But Nara don't know. Not good action... extraction, grinding.
Aranaga: Because... new life, memory nourishes. Death is just a loss of memory.
Aranaga: But after many, many more moons, Marana came out of the moons' shadows and devoured Mawtiyima.
Aranaga: But first, we must have Arahaoma to awake Jamikayomars. And to make Arahaoma, we need the Barsam Flower and the Zohrah Mushroom.
Aranaga: But it came, Marana. In the wake of Marana, walking Shroom-Kin came. They ate and ate. Died, many Yajna Grass, leaving just this one.
Aranaga: But it is alive, flowing, not lost... It needs to be nourished.
Aranaga: But need help, we. Can give help, Nara (Traveler).
Aranaga: But the moon's not there yet... Would you wait a bit?
Aranaga: Don't eat it. Is for waking mushrooms and vines, the Kusava.
Aranaga: Excuse me, please. Let me say a few words, with the Yajna Grass.
Aranaga: Finally, we're here! Amazing, (Traveler) is. Take the Kusava out, yes, right here.
Aranaga: Finished, we are! Is here, Arahaoma!
Aranaga: Free of the burden of Marana, Mawtiyima is. She is very happy, Mawtiyima.
Aranaga: Golden Nara, very much like Nara Varuna. Save the forest, save us, must be... should be able to.
Aranaga: He will open the path for us, once Jamikayomars remembers it all, then we go in and rescue Mawtiyima.
Aranaga: Hehe... Might not understand it now but will understand in time, White Floaty.
Aranaga: Hello, Aranaga, I am! Been waiting here for a long time, I have!
Aranaga: Helped us, saved the forest, Nara (Traveler). We are grateful, so... I give you, this.
Aranaga: Here it is! The Yajna Grass! It's protected, the Yajna Grass!
Aranaga: Here you are, Nara (Traveler), White Floaty. Welcome you, the three of us.
Aranaga: Here! Use the Kusava over here!
Aranaga: Here! Use the Kusava!
Aranaga: Here, Aranaga's remembrance, is this flower. Cannot blow him away, the Ad Oblivione; cannot destroy him, the device that takes away dreams.
Aranaga: I'll take you to the Yajna Grass.
Aranaga: In ancient language, trees and plants' language, the meaning of "Yajna Grass" was "the falling petals."
Aranaga: Is here, the moon. Is here, the moment when the moon is high up in the sky. Are you ready?
Aranaga: Is that so...
Aranaga: It's "Yajna," destinated to turn into Arahaoma. Very cute and pitiful.
Aranaga: It's Aranaga. My friends, Nara (Traveler) must have met. They are the ones who led you here, correct?
Aranaga: It's a living memory, a "remembrance," Nara calls it. Creatures that forget easily, Nara are. So must remember, use things that have life.
Aranaga: It's not little bean, it's Aranaga. Golden melon Nara is doofus Nara, likes to be bad.
Aranaga: It's okay, Mawtiyima is used to it. The forest and the earth are used to it... In the soil, in the roots, our memories are.
Aranaga: It's the Yajna Grass, White Mushroom silly. But no need to worry. The important seeds are kept safe by Jamikayomars. The gate of Mawtiyima, Jamikayomars is guarding.
Aranaga: It's what Nara Varuna left behind, gathering the Elements and nutrients to feed the forest, Mawtiyima.
Aranaga: Kusava!
Aranaga: Little bean, not! Aranaga! Floaty is mean!
Aranaga: Look! Has accepted you, Jamikayomars.
(A branch suddenly grows)
Aranaga: Make it and its other two friends into Arahaoma, then open the... pass?... puzz?... of vines that leads to Mawtiyima... Use Arahaoma.
Aranaga: Mawtiyima has been infiltrated by Marana. So we must infuse Arahaoma into Jamikayomars.
Aranaga: Mawtiyima, will be saved.
Aranaga: Memories and dreams are gone, reason for action is gone, strength is also gone.
Aranaga: Nara (Traveler), exactly the same as Nara Varuna... And golden too. Thank you.
Aranaga: Nara Varuna's memory cup grows here, so the name is Jamikayomars. Jamikayomars is guarding Mawtiyima, so cannot enter, those bad guys.
Aranaga: Nara language, I don't know how to use. Memory, dead, frozen, many Nara believe. Memory will be lost, many Nara believe.
Aranaga: New life, memory nourishes. Death is just a one-time loss of memory.
Aranaga: Next, let's go to Jamikayomars, together.
Aranaga: Nothing, nothing... It's just, before we came here, the things we experienced together now seems like a fog, like clouds. Can't see them clearly... Need to remember.
Aranaga: Oh, what's that Nara word... I'm stuck. Don't know how to say it.
Aranaga: Oh, you should have the Kusava already.
Aranaga: Okay, next... Um...
Aranaga: Only this way will Marana recede, Mawtiyima said. Everyone is also urging me, flowers and trees.
Aranaga: Our gifts are the most precious. They have life. Compared to dead things, living things, are more worth protecting.
Aranaga: Over here, Jamikayomars is!
Aranaga: Over there, its home is. I point it to you, I take you to see.
Aranaga: Please come back when the moon rises over the tallest tree. The ritual to obtain Arahaoma will begin then.
Aranaga: Please offer Arahaoma, over here.
Aranaga: Please take good care of her. Next, we will go offer the potion to Jamikayomars.
Aranaga: Serious, yes. Be ahead of the moon, not behind.
Aranaga: So, it can grow, the thing to repel Marana.
Aranaga: So... Aranakin, Aragaru, let's start the ritual.
Aranaga: So... our sacrifice, please witness, please keep it in your memories and dreams.
Aranaga: Still needs us, Mawtiyima. So... sorry, can't keep her waiting too long.
Aranaga: Still wait for a little bit, we can. Grateful, we are. So... as is customary for Nara, precious gifts, we will give you.
Aranaga: Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and White Floaty. But now, needs us, Mawtiyima.
Aranaga: Thank you, Nara... Golden Nara. For all that you've done, thank you.
Aranaga: Thanks, but... still needs our company, Mawtiyima.
Aranaga: The Marana here has dissipated.
Aranaga: The essence of memories, the powers of the Kusava... Only with these can we defeat Marana.
Aranaga: The essence of memory, messenger that drives away death, the elixir Arahaoma is. Carries our memories, carries our life, the elixir Arahaoma.
Aranaga: The living memory of nature, dream. Man-made dead thing, mechanism. Taking away living memory, grinding and crushing to extract its juice, like a grinder, for dominion and domestication... Don't like this, Aranara.
Aranaga: There are dreams because there is memory. Memory is nourished, so there is life.
Aranaga: There were many, once. Whenever the moon rose or fell, a Yajna Grass would grow...
Aranaga: There you are! Welcome!
Aranaga: They came too, the walking Shroom-Kin, not afraid of Marana, but very frightening.
Aranaga: This is the place, Nara (Traveler).
Aranaga: To make Arahaoma, three types of plants are required: Yajna Grass and its friends, Barsam Flower and Zohrah Mushroom.
Aranaga: Turning into a dull color, Mawtiyima is very sad... But you guys can definitely help, she said. So I waited for you here.
Aranaga: Under the moonlight, with the precious memories, refine them, so that the potion can be complete.
Aranaga: Unseal it, and then we can talk to the Yajna Grass!
Aranaga: Welcome to the Mawtiyima Forest, my garden, this is. Many flora friends, mushroom friends here. Here, they love.
Aranaga: Well... In Nara language, fulfillment and death are the same. But fulfillment inspires life. It is... a happy death!
Aranaga: When mushrooms and vines wake up, they will carry everyone higher so that you can find the Yajna Grass!
Aranaga: White Floaty silly, but silly is only for now. White Floaty will know, in future.
Aranaga: Willing to become Arahaoma, he said.
Aranaga: Wisdom... Flowing memory, wisdom. Stagnant wisdom, Marana's lair. So, living memory gives birth to living wisdom, and dead Marana will dissipate. Nara Varuna said... that the dead cannot defeat the living.
Aranaga: With the Marana defeated, the plants will grow back again very quickly.
Aranaga: Yajna was born to fall away. Because falling is fulfillment, not death.
Aranaga: Yeah, right you are, Golden Nara (Traveler). The thing that flows, cannot be seen, cannot be touched... Hope. Like the wind... But it never dissipates, like a dream.
Aranaga: Yes, Nara call a flat stripe with no grass a "path." Nara don't like plants. Aranara like plants. But the meanings, same.
Aranaga: Yes, indeed. Gifts! Precious gifts!
Aranaga: Yes, that's right. Seeds must be sturdy to withstand Marana. Only seeds with hard shells will not let Marana penetrate their soft cores. Only seeds with thorns will prick Marana.
Aranaga: Yes, the wind that flows forever, the thousand winds that return to one. But, on earth is the stream, and the ubiquitous is the wind. Everlasting, devastating.
Aranaga: Yes, yes, correct you are, Nara (Traveler).
Aranaga: Yes... Yes, go in. Fight Marana, together let us.
Aranaga: You're here! Welcome!
Aranakin: ...
Aranakin: And me! Here's my flower!
Aranakin: Aranaga, (he/she)'s here, they're here!
Aranakin: Here is a song so you don't forget me. Please remember this....
Aranakin: Mm, because Mawtiyima just woke up and got a lot of stories to tell us!
Aranakin: No, no, I'm very happy! We won't forget you all... Even if we do, you will remind us, right?
Aranakin: Okay, don't keep Mawtiyima waiting too long! Everyone's worried...
Aranakin: Please take good care of her! Save our dream garden together, Mawtiyima's dream.
Aranakin: Thank you! Don't forget to come see us! But we have to keep Mawtiyima company now, so next time!
Aranakin: Then... If I forget you guys, I will remember when I hear this song.
Aranakin: Welcome!
Aranakin: When you leave the forest and go back to the place full of sand, please don't forget us... Like this flower.
Aranakin: Yay! That leaves us one last Marana!
Aranakin: Yeah! As long as we remember!
Aranakin: Yeah, please give us some time. Mawtiyima still needs to talk with us!
Aranakin: Yes, Marana makes others forget, but we defeated it. Our memories are forever.
Aranakin: Yes. Let's use the Kusava right now!
Paimon: And Paimon is Paimon, hello!
Paimon: But you guys haven't said if you will forget us...
Paimon: But... Where, the Marana you spoke of is?
Paimon: Eh... What is this...?
Paimon: Eh... Why?
Paimon: Eh...?
Paimon: Enter the Morty Arena! ...Right?
Paimon: For some reason that last pause really annoys Paimon...
Paimon: Great! Now the seal should be gone.
Paimon: Hehe, we just happened to be passing by so we lent a hand! That Morty Arena should be thanking you guys!
Paimon: Hey! That's none of your business!
Paimon: Hey, why are all of you like this!
Paimon: Hmm... Is it because you're too tired?
Paimon: Hmm? What do you mean by fulfillment?
Paimon: Hmmm... Paimon doesn't get it...
Paimon: How do you actually remember this name!?
Paimon: Huh? Paimon is getting more and more confused...
Paimon: It's okay, flowers are great!
Paimon: It's time to meet Aranaga and the others. Let's go find them.
Paimon: It's weird to hear you say that!
Paimon: Let's defeat it, or we can't get near Mawtiyima!
Paimon: Mm... That's right. What's wrong?
Paimon: Morty... mi-amore... momma-mia? Argh! However you pronounce it! What is it?
Paimon: No monster will appear again. The Marana on that big thing has also faded... In this case, the Morty Arena should soon come back to life, right?
Paimon: No, it does not!
Paimon: Oh no, it looks super bad here... But Paimon believes in (Traveler), so there's nothing to be afraid of... y—yet...
Paimon: Oh...!
Paimon: Okay, okay, Paimon is not mean!
Paimon: Okay... We got it!
Paimon: Paimon sees...
Paimon: Paimon sees... We've just finished the important business, and Paimon hasn't got the chance to get to know you better...
Paimon: Paimon too!
Paimon: See, Aranaga said it — the most precious gifts!
Paimon: So... What do you want us to help with?
Paimon: Soft and fluffy... white mushroom? What? Are you talking about Paimon?
Paimon: Talking like this? Since when did you start...
Paimon: The Yajna Grass is right here!
Paimon: The seal is lifted here!
Paimon: Then lead the way, little bean!
Paimon: Then what are you guys gonna do after we use the Yammering Grass to make Arahaoma?
Paimon: There's one more! And a big one, too!
Paimon: Though it's the garden of Aranaga, there is only one Yajna Grass here...
Paimon: Ugh, the mushroom monster here is tough!
Paimon: Ugh, this one is gonna be a toughie!
Paimon: Uh... The three little guys haven't left yet. How about we go talk to them again?
Paimon: Uh... gifts? Precious gifts?
Paimon: Um, find it and then what do we do?
Paimon: Um... Aramango, what can we do for you?
Paimon: We won't forget. You can't forget us either!
Paimon: We're done here too!
Paimon: We've also been looking for you for a long time, little bean!
Paimon: What's the matter? Are you upset?
Paimon: What's this about behind the moon now...?
Paimon: What? You're saying some really scary stuff...
Paimon: Whoa! What's going on!? (Traveler), be careful! Are you okay?
Paimon: Whoa, by the looks of your eagerness, it seems like something very serious.
Paimon: Wow, thank you!
Paimon: Wow... Look, the potion is ready...
Paimon: Yammering Grass? What's that?
Paimon: Yeah!
Paimon: Yeah, aren't you guys really anxious to hold the... that ritual?
Paimon: Yeah, that's right. Let's go out together and bask in the sun more, and our heads will be clear!
Paimon: Yeah...
Paimon: Yeah... though Paimon can't help but feel a bit worried...
Paimon: Yes, we met your two little friends! They said we could meet you here.
Paimon: You mean "path"?
Paimon: You've lost Paimon...