 But it seems that you're not bothered by it at all, Yasmin...
 Is there anything wrong with the Divine Tree's roots?
 Ladep and Pharez? Who are they, again?
Yasmin: Oh, they are students, just like me. But Ladep is from Spantamad, and Pharez is from Kshahrewar.
Yasmin: We are researching on a shared topic, thus the cooperation despite our different ideologies.
Yasmin: These potions, for example, are the fruits of our teamwork.
 Quest DescriptionYasmin seems to be up to something...
 Well, let's go then.
Awan: (Ah, this is never gonna end...)
Awan: Fine then, I'm leaving. Don't come sprinkling that potion of yours near my yard. I can't take it...
Awan: I live nearby, and I don't want to sleep with that funky smell in my nostrils, alright?
Awan: Okay, okay, I can't beat you in an argument... But I have talked to you about the smell of that potion, right?
Awan: Those roots look perfectly fine. No more potions are needed here.
Awan: Yasmin? What are you doing here? Ugh... Are you here to sprinkle your potion again?
Paimon The potions really do smell terrible...
Paimon: What is this... *cough* *cough*! This smell...
Panicked Student A and B: Aaahh!
Panicked Student C: Yasmin's here again!
Panicked Students: I—I can't breathe! I've gotta get out of here!
Panicked Students: Yasmin! Wah!
Playful Student: (I should be able to return a little later today...)
Yasmin: (These should do, but how can I move them over...)
Yasmin: Alright, I get it. Traveler, could you pass me the potions in that case?
Yasmin: Alright, that should be all we need. I have also gathered some data. I'm sure Pharez will be thrilled...
Yasmin: And my job here is to keep it that way.
Yasmin: As such, I could really use your help in moving these potions.
Yasmin: At that point, your options are either to start all over again or to open up the already rolled pastry, both of which are a pain in the neck.
Yasmin: Careful now. Ladep said the potions were intentionally made with a foul odor so that no one would drink them by accident.
Yasmin: Crossing the bridge only when we get to it is like getting a Fish Roll ready, only to realize that the fish is undercooked.
Yasmin: Don't worry, I already had Ladep adjust the formula. The odor shouldn't be too offensive.
Yasmin: Even so, we should take good care of them.
Yasmin: Here is your payment, Traveler. Thank you for your help so far.
Yasmin: I wonder how Ladep and Pharez are doing with their work...
Yasmin: If you mean the smell... My nose has whiffed many things far worse than that.
Yasmin: Oh, the Divine Tree is perfectly fine.
Yasmin: Oh, they are students, just like me. But Ladep is from Spantamad, and Pharez is from Kshahrewar.
Yasmin: Okay, I will carry this one, and I'll be counting on you for the rest. Thank you!
Yasmin: These potions, for example, are the fruits of our teamwork.
Yasmin: To be specific, I am sprinkling these potions around the tree's roots.
Yasmin: Traveler! Thank goodness you're here. I was just in need of someone's help!
Yasmin: Try not to get any on your clothes... The smell won't wash off easily at all.
Yasmin: Unfortunately, I can't move all these potions on my own, while Ladep and Pharez are busily engaged in their own work.
Yasmin: We are researching on a shared topic, thus the cooperation despite our different ideologies.
Yasmin: We're done with the sprinkling here. Let's move to the next spot. It's not far away.
Yasmin: Well, it seems that Ladep has done well.
You administer the potions with Yasmin...