 "Illusions and lies" refer to the Akademiya's plans.
 "Starlight" refers to the people of the desert.
 "The Moon" refers to Nahida herself.
 *gasp*
 ...
 Actually, we're here for Tighnari...
 Didn't expect to run into you here.
 Do you believe her, Nahida?
 Don't push yourself too hard, Collei.
 Haypasia also showed us a so-called divine consciousness...
 I agree.
 I believe you.
 I just received some new intel.
 I saw a "nascent god" under construction.
 I think I know what the project is about.
 I'm really happy for you.
 It probably won't be long before we see more of them.
 It seems that curing Irminsul is our only chance...
 It's in a code that only we know.
 It's me...
 Katheryne!
 Let's head to the desert for now.
 Local mercenaries might have an edge over the Fatui.
 Long time no see!
 Maybe he's taking advantage of the Akademiya's resources.
 Nahida!
 Nor King Deshret's consciousness...
 Our minds swapped places.
 Our position will only get worse with time.
 Please take care of yourself, Collei.
 Quest DescriptionThe unexpected appearance of the Fatui Harbinger, The Doctor, means that the Fatui must have played a part in the nefarious plot involving the Sumeru Akademiya... You must act now.
 Sounds like The Doctor.
 The Akademiya is... turning The Balladeer into a god.
 The Fatui is also behind some of this.
 The Fatui may have fanned the flames.
 This is neither the Greater Lord's consciousness...
 This time, she didn't just transfer her mind into my body...
 Wake up, Haypasia!
 We can't let The Doctor figure out what we're up to.
 We must stop them no matter what.
 We need to hurry.
 We're in a hurry, so let's chat about this next time.
 What just happened?
 You ARE Nahida, right?
 You haven't been reprogrammed by The Doctor, have you?
 You're truly amazing!
Cutscene's Travel Log summary:
A group of people dressed in Eremite garb jump out, seemingly having lain in wait here for a while. You and Nahida immediately attempt to escape from the garden, but in a panic, Nahida fails to keep up with you. You reach out to her, trying to grab her hand, but you are too late — the body she possessed has been penetrated by a weapon. At the last moment, you touch her hand, and your consciousnesses seem to switch...When you open your eyes again, you find yourself imprisoned in the Sanctuary of Surasthana, meaning that your consciousness is now residing in Nahida's body. Then you notice that you are being watched. So you look back... and see The Balladeer, the "nascent god."
(A group of people dressed in Corps of Thirty uniforms storm the Pardis Dhyai and start to attack)
(The Traveler starts to fight them off)
Paimon: Nahida!
(The Traveler sees Nahida, as Katheryne, fleeing from three assailants and runs towards her and reaches out)
("Katheryne" is impaled in the back with a halberd)
(As the Traveler and Nahida reach out to each other and their fingers touch, there is a flash of green and the screen fades to black)
(The Traveler opens their eyes to find themselves in the body of Nahida, confined in the center of a large chamber)
(Scaramouche's eyes fill the screen for a brief moment)
On-Screen Text: I see you
(The camera quickly pans through a few rooms until it reaches a large machine connected to Scaramouche who is in the center and smirking)
(Cinematic ends)
Cutscene's Travel Log summary:
The "Passageway" has been established and your consciousness touches the so-called god..."It took three betrayals for me to finally understand: the world is just an elaborate tapestry of lies.""My fury will never be quelled.""The first to betray me was a god, my creator... my mother.""Valuing strength above all, she saw no worth in me, and I was discarded.""The second was a human, my family... my friend.""Consumed by fear, he saw me as an abomination.""The third was one exactly like me, a hope for the future... a fledgling barely out of the nest.""Powerless before his mortality, he broke his promise to me.""Humans... they can't be trusted. And the gods fill me with pure loathing. So I said good riddance! I denounce the world and laugh in its face.""My chest will never again be defiled by worldly filth. I will scrub away every last trace of human emotion.""Then it will be empty, a blank slate, and ready to receive a supreme Gnosis, brimming with pure divinity.""Hehehe... Ahahahaha! There is no need to fear. The pain will be brief...""Your era... is coming to an end."
Scaramouche: It took three betrayals for me to finally understand:
Scaramouche: The world is just an elaborate tapestry of lies
Scaramouche: My fury will never be quelled
Scaramouche: The first to betray me was a god
Scaramouche: My creator... my mother
Scaramouche: Valuing strength above all, she saw no worth in me, and I was discarded
Scaramouche: The second was a human
Scaramouche: My family... my friend
Scaramouche: Consumed by fear, he saw me as an abomination
Scaramouche: The third was one exactly like me
Scaramouche: A hope for the future... a fledgling barely out of the nest
Scaramouche: Powerless before his mortality, he broke his promise to me
Scaramouche: Humans... they can't be trusted. And the gods fill me with pure loathing
Scaramouche: So I said good riddance! I denounce the world and laugh in its face
Scaramouche: My chest will never again be defiled by worldly filth
Scaramouche: I will scrub away every last trace of human emotion
Scaramouche: Then it will be empty, a blank slate
Scaramouche: And ready to receive a supreme Gnosis, brimming with pure divinity
Scaramouche: Hehehe... Ahahahaha!
Scaramouche: There is no need to fear. The pain will be brief...
Scaramouche: Your era... is coming to an end
(Cutscene ends)
Media:vo dialog xmaq102 collei 01.ogg Collei: I had already made up my mind to be honest with you, so I didn't try to hide my current condition... Don't worry about me, I'll be fine.
Media:vo xmaq102 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Ah! Are you mercenaries from the Corps of Thirty? Did you come here to arrest us?
Media:vo xmaq102 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: "The Outcast"... An outcast from the Akademiya?
Media:vo xmaq102 1 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: But why wouldn't The Doctor just send the Fatui after us?
Media:vo xmaq102 1 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: You're up, (Traveler)!
Media:vo xmaq102 1 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Ahh, it isn't over yet, (Traveler)! Here come reinforcements!
Media:vo xmaq102 1 tashfin 01.ogg Tashfin: Hold it right there.
Media:vo xmaq102 1 tashfin 02.ogg Tashfin: A (blond/blonde)-haired traveler and a floating fairy... We've got you, alright. Take a look around — you've fallen right into our trap.
Media:vo xmaq102 1 tashfin 03.ogg Tashfin: Corps of Thirty? We're nothing like those government lapdogs who don't even get scraps for their work.
Media:vo xmaq102 1 tashfin 04.ogg Tashfin: We are an elite brigade that commands the highest commission rate in all of Sumeru. We're here on the orders of a client known only as "The Outcast."
Media:vo xmaq102 1 tashfin 05.ogg Tashfin: Hmph, still wasting time on idle chit-chat? We'll shut you up soon enough. Get them!
Media:vo xmaq102 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: That was pretty rough... Is that what elite mercenaries are like?
Media:vo xmaq102 2 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Yeah, looks like we'll have to keep our guards up.
Media:vo xmaq102 2 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: But this Doctor guy seems like a pretty tough opponent... He knew exactly where to set up an ambush. Did he predict that we would try to find Tighnari?
Media:vo xmaq102 2 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Ugh, going up against smart people is tough... Anyway, let's keep going.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 01.ogg Collei: Oh, it's the Traveler and Paimon! What are you two doing back here?
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 02.ogg Collei: I... To be honest, I'm not doing too well. My Eleazar has been progressing at a faster rate lately. I'm finding it harder to complete more intricate tasks.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 03.ogg Collei: As a result, Master Tighnari has taken me off the patrol schedule. He will only allow me to stay here and coordinate other people's tasks.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 04.ogg Collei: Oh, Master Tighnari? He just left the Avidya Forest a little while ago. He was headed to Pardis Dhyai.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 05.ogg Collei: I thought it was weird, too... Master Tighnari always prioritizes his work as a Forest Watcher above everything. He almost never leaves his post. He left in a hurry this time, though...
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 06.ogg Collei: No, I only found out that he left through a message he left behind. He also made sure to delegate all his tasks using a schedule.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 07.ogg Collei: To leave in such a hurry... I'd guess he had something urgent to take care of.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 08.ogg Collei: Hm... Master Tighnari originally studied in the Amurta Darshan of the Akademiya, and Pardis Dhyai is something like the Amurta's research base. Many rare shrubs and grasses have been planted there for research.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 09.ogg Collei: I know that before he became a Forest Watcher, Master Tighnari once spent a long time conducting research at Pardis Dhyai.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 collei 10.ogg Collei: Ah... Don't worry, I'm fine. I'm used to living with Eleazar by now! If you run into Master Tighnari, please send him my regards.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Collei, it's nice to see you again! Are you doing alright?
Media:vo xmaq102 3 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Oh, Collei...
Media:vo xmaq102 3 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Speaking of Tighnari, did he go off on patrol? We're here to talk to him!
Media:vo xmaq102 3 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Huh, he left? But... isn't Tighnari always saying that he never wants to leave the Avidya Forest? He even turned down the sages' invitation.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: He didn't give a reason?
Media:vo xmaq102 3 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: A research base, huh... Gotta wonder what kind of research Tighnari just decided to work on all of a sudden...
Media:vo xmaq102 3 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: (Traveler), we don't have a lot of time, so let's go look for him at Pardis Dhyai.
Media:vo xmaq102 3 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Got it, will do! See you later, Collei!
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: Actually, it's very smart of the Traveler to be wary of me right now. After all, The Doctor has shown that his technology can apparently even control human minds...
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: Plus, it's not like you could've known what happened after we split up, and I was facing The Doctor by myself.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 03.ogg Nahida: Even a pool of stagnant water after a torrential storm can occasionally pass as a patch of sky.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 04.ogg Nahida: Huh? But I wasn't trying to win your trust or anything. All I wanted was to clarify my point...
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 05.ogg Nahida: When you left, I was still in the middle of restoring everyone's minds. Thankfully, when The Doctor mentioned "depositing information into the subconscious," he didn't mean engraving information into their minds...
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 06.ogg Nahida: ...Instead, he did something closer to creating hallucinations. That was still within my power to fix.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 07.ogg Nahida: Luckily, I managed to finish my restorations and mind-jump away from him just as he was about to capture me.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 08.ogg Nahida: I wouldn't be relieved just yet.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 09.ogg Nahida: I gave away my true identity when I restored everyone's minds, which means we've lost another one of our trump cards.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 10.ogg Nahida: Also... The Doctor is already an expert at modifying Akasha Terminals. Maybe it's only a matter of time until he captures my consciousness inside the Akasha.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 11.ogg Nahida: We shouldn't give up hope just yet. Let's try to find another way to attack this problem.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 12.ogg Nahida: Yes, I have. I can see (Traveler)'s Elemental Energy, so I deduced your destination by looking at the direction you were moving in.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 13.ogg Nahida: You didn't come here for sightseeing, right? Did you find any leads?
Media:vo xmaq102 4 nahida 14.ogg Nahida: Okay. Let's just hope we won't get him into trouble...
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Wait, look who it is...!
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Thank goodness, you're okay! We were so worried about you...
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Hey (Traveler)! This was supposed to be a touching reunion, but you're ruining the moment!
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Hmm... Paimon feels like only the real Nahida could come up with such an obscure analogy.
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Well, we understand that point now! Please, Nahida, tell us more about what happened. Are those poor people alright?
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Whew, what a relief... The Doctor sure pulled out some hidden cards, but good thing we had Nahida with us...
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Would that mean you'd no longer be able to jump between minds? Then, how do we stop him... He's still at the Akademiya, so it's possible he's already started messing with the Akasha...
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Argh, it feels like he's toying with us! What a nasty piece of work!
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Plus, The Doctor's combat ability alone is apparently enough to make him worthy of being number two of the Fatui...
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Actually, Nahida, how did you know we were trying to get to Pardis Dhyai? Have you been waiting for us?
Media:vo xmaq102 4 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: We're looking for a scholar we know! His name is Tighnari, and the sages once tried to reach out to him. Why don't you come inside with us and see what we can find?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 01.ogg Haypasia: Traveler? It is you!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 02.ogg Haypasia: Ahh, what a pleasant surprise! It's so nice to see the two of you again.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 03.ogg Haypasia: That's right, we're old friends! You've come at just the right time. Ever since I've come here, hardly anyone has even talked to me.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 04.ogg Haypasia: Hehehe... What do you think?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 05.ogg Haypasia: My consciousness... has already managed to make contact with the divine.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 06.ogg Haypasia: Haha, it's so exhilarating to share this sublime joy with others at long last!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 07.ogg Haypasia: When my consciousness made contact with the gods... What a supreme and unparalleled experience that was...
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 08.ogg Haypasia: Oh, alright... Actually, please wait — I haven't forgotten my promise to you.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 09.ogg Haypasia: Remember? I promised to help you understand what you saw from Irminsul once I gained deeper insights.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 10.ogg Haypasia: My current self has not only gained true insight, but I can even help you establish a direct connection to the consciousness of the divine!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 11.ogg Haypasia: Hold on, I've brought some Spirit Borneol with me. This is still a crucial part of the ceremony.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 12.ogg Haypasia: Alright, now... hold my hand. I'll help you establish a pathway to connect your consciousness.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 13.ogg Haypasia: Ready?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 14.ogg Haypasia: You saw it, right? You felt it, right!? Such a majestic god, such a noble will, such sublime emotion!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 15.ogg Haypasia: Alas, a shame... If only...
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 16.ogg Haypasia: If only that which beats within my chest wasn't a filthy, mortal heart... O great and merciful god, please grant me forgiveness and salvation...
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 17.ogg Haypasia: Ah...!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 18.ogg Haypasia: You... Why are you so mean to me? Why is everyone hiding from me?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 19.ogg Haypasia: I found divine wisdom! Shouldn't I receive praise and honor? Haven't I uncovered that light in the darkness?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 20.ogg Haypasia: That's how I always thought everything should be...
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 21.ogg Haypasia: ...Wait...
Media:vo xmaq102 5 haypasia 22.ogg Haypasia: Have I... already lost my mind?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: Who's this...?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: Oh... I see.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 nahida 03.ogg Nahida: ...Hmm?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 nahida 04.ogg Nahida: I've never heard of anything like that, but... if you want to give it a try, I'll do my best to protect your consciousness during the process.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 nahida 05.ogg Nahida: Okay.
Media:vo xmaq102 5 nahida 06.ogg Nahida: Do you understand now? I'm afraid this is no Paripurna Life, but rather...
Media:vo xmaq102 5 nahida 07.ogg Nahida: Wait, something isn't right!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Ah! It's Haypasia!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: She's a scholar we met in the Avidya Forest! When we last saw each other, she was still training in the uh, what's it called... "Satyavada Life"?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Haypasia, you're way too excited about this! Actually, for you to leave the Avidya Forest means... you're not in training anymore?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Wait, no... Did you already finish your training and reach Paripurna Life?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: You did it!? Congratulations!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: That sounds incredible...
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Y—You can do that?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Uh, we're using that incense again?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Wh—What was that!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Did we actually just see the Balladeer's memories!? Everything matches what we know about him!
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: But how is he connected to the divine consciousness that Haypasia was talking about!?
Media:vo xmaq102 5 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: Haypasia...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: ...Okay, we've finally lost them.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Are you okay, Nahida? ...Wait, no! Something feels different... (Traveler), you're back!?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Nahida was controlling your body for a while. It seems like she jumped over to you as an emergency measure right before the Katheryne puppet was destroyed.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: After that... Tighnari heard the commotion and came over. He helped us defeat the mercenaries, and then he ran with us all the way here.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: What? You swapped places? You mean, your consciousness also went into Nahida's body?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Wait, then where is Nahida's consciousness? Where is she now...?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Aaagh, oh no... Nahida's trapped in the Sanctuary of Surasthana for good this time!
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Was that message all she left for us? It's pretty vague...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Oh, that makes sense! Since The Doctor captured her, she won't be able to say anything without him knowing. She's being extra careful...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: "Even in a moonless night, a shower of starlight can still drown out illusions and lies..."
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Paimon knows that the Moon, illusions, and lies are from that alchemical divination at the Sabzeruz Festival...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: Didn't Nahida use a "starlight" analogy before? It had something to do with Setaria...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: Ohhh! That makes a lot of sense. Do you think Nahida was telling us to go find help in the desert?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 14.ogg Paimon: But she isn't with us anymore... Think we'll be okay?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 15.ogg Paimon: Uh... Your guess is correct, but the situation's a bit complicated, so it's really hard for us to explain right now...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 16.ogg Paimon: Thank you, Tighnari! Oh, actually, we came here to ask you a question. What do you know about the project that the sages have been working on?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 17.ogg Paimon: Eh? Did you see something when you were in Nahida's body?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 18.ogg Paimon: What!?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 19.ogg Paimon: Tighnari, did you leave the Avidya Forest because of Haypasia?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 20.ogg Paimon: Yeah, it feels like we're still nowhere close to figuring out the sages' goals...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 21.ogg Paimon: Right. We've pretty much gone over everything we need to know, so we should head out... How about you, Tighnari? What are you going to do?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 paimon 22.ogg Paimon: Thanks, Tighnari! Hopefully Haypasia will feel better soon! We're off, then.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 01.ogg Tighnari: Oh? (Traveler)'s back?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 02.ogg Tighnari: I never imagined that an individual's consciousness could be transferred around like this... Had I not seen it with my own eyes, I would have never believed it. I don't think this can be achieved with current human technology...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 03.ogg Tighnari: Also, (Traveler), while we were running, the consciousness in your body told me to pass on a message. She said:
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 04.ogg Tighnari: "The Doctor has found a way to trap my consciousness, so I can't journey with you anymore."
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 05.ogg Tighnari: "But even in a moonless night, a shower of starlight can still drown out illusions and lies."
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 06.ogg Tighnari: Paimon... you said Sanctuary of Surasthana? Does this mean that this "Nahida" you're talking about, the consciousness who was occupying (Traveler)'s body... is... the Dendro Archon?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 07.ogg Tighnari: That's alright. A scholar's curiosity doesn't need to be appeased right away. As for the complicated nature of the situation... Safe to say, I have witnessed that for myself.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 08.ogg Tighnari: I've spent some time with you, and it looks like the Dendro Archon's also on your side, so... I trust you.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 09.ogg Tighnari: Ah, that... While I was indeed invited to join that project, the sages were always secretive about its scope and goals, so I eventually declined.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 10.ogg Tighnari: All I know is that that project has something to do with the restoration of Irminsul.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 11.ogg Tighnari: ...Do you have any evidence?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 12.ogg Tighnari: ...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 13.ogg Tighnari: Hm, so that's what happened... That explains why Haypasia's symptoms were different from those of the other scholars who went mad. It's because she made contact with the consciousness of a new god who is still in the process of being born...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 14.ogg Tighnari: I did. I noticed Haypasia's mental anomalies, but since her symptoms were rather atypical, I secretly took her to Pardis Dhyai, and began searching for a way to return her to her normal self.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 15.ogg Tighnari: If I didn't take action, Haypasia would have already been taken by the matra to the desert, doomed to a life of exile at Aaru Village.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 16.ogg Tighnari: Now that you mention it, I knew the Akademiya has never thought particularly highly of Lesser Lord Kusanali, but...
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 17.ogg Tighnari: ...But I still didn't expect them to do something as arrogant as creating a new god. Looks like I made the right decision by not accepting their invitation.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 18.ogg Tighnari: The Doctor and The Balladeer... We have two Fatui Harbingers in Sumeru... Sounds like we're in for a bad time.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 19.ogg Tighnari: From your description, I don't think they've completed their project. There may still be room for us to intervene.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 20.ogg Tighnari: But then, what is the connection between creating a new god and restoring Irminsul...?
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 21.ogg Tighnari: I'll stay here for now. I still want to try a few more things to help Haypasia.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 22.ogg Tighnari: If you're planning to go into the desert, start by heading for Caravan Ribat. That'll be your fastest route.
Media:vo xmaq102 6 tighnari 23.ogg Tighnari: Come find me here if there's anything else I can do to help. May the spirit of wisdom go with you.
On-Screen Text: I see you
Paimon: Nahida!
Paimon: You mentioned that he was going to Pardis Dhyai... What kind of place is that?[Note 1]
Scaramouche: A hope for the future... a fledgling barely out of the nest
Scaramouche: And ready to receive a supreme Gnosis, brimming with pure divinity
Scaramouche: Consumed by fear, he saw me as an abomination
Scaramouche: Hehehe... Ahahahaha!
Scaramouche: Humans... they can't be trusted. And the gods fill me with pure loathing
Scaramouche: I will scrub away every last trace of human emotion
Scaramouche: It took three betrayals for me to finally understand:
Scaramouche: My chest will never again be defiled by worldly filth
Scaramouche: My creator... my mother
Scaramouche: My family... my friend
Scaramouche: My fury will never be quelled
Scaramouche: Powerless before his mortality, he broke his promise to me
Scaramouche: So I said good riddance! I denounce the world and laugh in its face
Scaramouche: The first to betray me was a god
Scaramouche: The second was a human
Scaramouche: The third was one exactly like me
Scaramouche: The world is just an elaborate tapestry of lies
Scaramouche: Then it will be empty, a blank slate
Scaramouche: There is no need to fear. The pain will be brief...
Scaramouche: Valuing strength above all, she saw no worth in me, and I was discarded
Scaramouche: Your era... is coming to an end
You describe what you saw when you exchanged consciousnesses with Nahida...
 !!!