 Are you still working on the roots of the Divine Tree?
 Leave this to me.
 Of course.
 Quest DescriptionYasmin seems to be up to something...
 Why can't you do it yourself?
Yasmin: Well, it's... too high up for me...
Yasmin: I've always been terrified of being in high places on my own... The feeling of being blown away... Or losing my manuscript to a gust of wind keeps coming to me...
Yasmin: Pharez is usually the one up there, but he seems to have other things to attend to right now. You're the only one I can rely on, Traveler.
Paimon: It's so high up here... What if Paimon gets blown away...
Paimon: Let's take the picture real quick and head back.
Paimon: This should be the place. Look, we can see the whole Divine Tree from here!
Yasmin: (Everything is normal...)
Yasmin: After discussing the matter with Ladep, we think it should be able to stay in that condition for quite some time.
Yasmin: Ah, Traveler, you are always showing up just in time...
Yasmin: Great, I'll wait till Ladep and Pharez finish gathering their data, and we can move on to the next subject.
Yasmin: Here is your payment. Thank you for helping me, Traveler.
Yasmin: How did it go? Did you take the picture?
Yasmin: I've always been terrified of being in high places on my own... The feeling of being blown away... Or losing my manuscript to a gust of wind keeps coming to me...
Yasmin: It's about time now...
Yasmin: Many thanks for all your help. The Divine Tree is now in perfect condition.
Yasmin: Now we can finally dedicate some time to preparing our theses.
Yasmin: Pharez is usually the one up there, but he seems to have other things to attend to right now. You're the only one I can rely on, Traveler.
Yasmin: Please take a picture of the Divine Tree in its entirety. I'm counting on you, Traveler.
Yasmin: See, I borrowed a Kamera from Pharez, which I am going to use to record the condition of the Divine Tree.
Yasmin: The trunk is fine... And the shape of surrounding branches hasn't changed...
Yasmin: Traveler, could you take a picture of the Divine Tree in its entirety? I have marked the spot on your map.
Yasmin: Well done. Perfectly angled, and the image is pretty clear as well.
Yasmin: Well, it's... too high up for me...
Yasmin: Wow! Let me see...