 Alright, I'll do it.
 How have you dealt with similar conditions in the past?
Pharez: Well, hiring an adventurer is the usual solution. We've also turned to our tutor before, asking him to help find us some trustworthy Eremite members.
Pharez: But you know, a tutor's patience is not always infinite. Given the current circumstances, we're hesitant to trouble him again...
Ladep: So please, help us Traveler! You're our only hope!
 Quest DescriptionTwo people are arguing over something next to an enormous root system...
 Ugh... *cough*cough* *cough*
 What are you arguing about?
Ladep: (What's the hurry...)
Ladep: *cough* *cough*, *cough*! Those Fungi just broke the potion jar, stay away!
Ladep: *cough*, *cough*, *cough*... We should be fine here...
Ladep: Alright, we'll look after this jar now. Thanks for your help, Traveler. Please take these.
Ladep: Also, where on earth did Yasmin go? She didn't even sprinkle the potions today...
Ladep: Especially here in Spantamad, where a single error in the submitted data will result in serious criticism...
Ladep: How can your devices function without data to support them?
Ladep: How many times have I explained to you that I added physiological emetics, huh?
Ladep: Huh? The lids of the potions haven't been opened yet...
Ladep: I have... explained multiple times that I added physiological emetics!
Ladep: I never changed anything about the formula or its proportions, I swear. As such, this must have been due to... Um, some unforeseen circumstances.
Ladep: It has nothing to do with whether you are used to it or not, the smell just triggers automatic vomiting in anyone.
Ladep: It has nothing to do with whether you are used to it. The smell just triggers automatic vomiting in anyone.
Ladep: It's an honour to meet you, Traveler! An honor indeed!
Ladep: Judging from how things look... that's probably the case. Did you see any monsters on your way here?
Ladep: Look at that box. I think it's got the potions in it. Yasmin must have been here already.
Ladep: More data - that's what we need!
Ladep: More importantly, even if the Fungi are not that dangerous, if the problem created by our potions reaches our tutor's ears...
Ladep: My name is Ladep, and I'm a student of Spantamad.
Ladep: Now I see why you never actually catch any fish.
Ladep: Seriously, why do I even repeat myself? You won't understand anyway...
Ladep: Seriously, why do I even repeat myself? You won't understand anyway... Blergh...
Ladep: So please, help us Traveler! You're our only hope!
Ladep: That's quite odd... Very odd indeed.
Ladep: We will... discuss that later. Traveler, thanks so much for your help. Please take this as your payment.
Ladep: What!? The field tests didn't demonstrate anything like that...
Ladep: What? There weren't any before. What's going on?
Ladep: Where did it go wrong...
Ladep: Whoo, lucky us, huh? Good thing the jar didn't break, or we might be experiencing some serious vomiting right now...
Ladep: You're...
Paimon: Gah! What's this smell!? *cough* ... *cough* *cough*!
Paimon: Let's not listen to their nagging any longer, (Traveler). Let's go!
Paimon: Wah! There are Fungi emerging behind you!
Pharez: (Ugh, stop torturing my ears...)
Pharez: But you know, a tutor's patience is not always infinite. Given the current circumstances, we're hesitant to trouble him again...
Pharez: Come on! You've never studied at Haravatat yourself! So just cut it with the wordplay, okay? We should really get to work.
Pharez: Don't uncap them!
Pharez: Monsters of all kinds often appear at the potion-sprinkling sites.
Pharez: My name is Pharez, and I study at Kshahrewar.
Pharez: Our thesis proposals will be doomed for sure...
Pharez: She must have gone sampling some rare plants she found. Typical Amurta behavior and stuff... I mean, how do you still not know how they're like?
Pharez: So you suggest doing nothing till you get every single piece of data, huh?
Pharez: There are probably lots of monsters, which precludes us from going there ourselves... We're going to need a companion with great martial prowess.
Pharez: Traveler, we could really use a favor from you.
Pharez: Ugh, these Amurta... They're just...
Pharez: Ugh... Blargh... You... This was your handiwork! How are you vomiting too?
Pharez: Wait. You're not used to the smell? Didn't you make that yourself?
Pharez: We can't afford more delays. Ours and Yasmin's theses might become obsolete if we take too long!
Pharez: Well, hiring an adventurer is the usual solution. We've also turned to our tutor before, asking him to help find us some trustworthy Eremite members.
Pharez: Well, now you've seen it with your own eyes, can you be a little more realistic?
Pharez: Well... Um... The potions seem to have caused a little problem recently...
Pharez: What's so odd about this? Your potion is what attracted them here, obviously!
Pharez: Whatever you say... Anyway, Traveler, please come with us to check the sites where Yasmin sprinkled the potions.
Pharez: Will you analyze every incoming wave while trying to catch fish? No! You just need to focus on the one that comes with the fish!
Pharez: You know that Yasmin has been sprinkling those potions around the Divine Tree's roots, right?
Pharez: You must be the Traveler Yasmin mentioned. You've really helped us a lot.
Yasmin: And the potion jar is broken... Was there some kind of monster attack?
Yasmin: Eh? Ladep, Pharez, and the Traveler, too? What brings all of you here?
Yasmin: No. In fact, I even took some time to sample several plants around here.