 "Again"?
 As expected of you.
 Did you learn anything from the researchers?
 Have you found out why the fish refuse to take the bait?
 Quest DescriptionKayvan and Helbet are busy trying to do something...
 Step DescriptionBait materials are all ready. Let's take them to Kayvan, and see what he can catch.
 Step DescriptionThis time, Kayvan's bait requires one portion of Sunsettia and Wheat each. Besides, he demands a Sweet Flower picked from somewhere special...
 Step DescriptionThis time, Kayvan's bait requires one portion of Sunsettia, Wheat, and Padisarah each.
 Step DescriptionThis time, Kayvan's bait requires one portion of Wheat, a Sunsettia, and three Fresh Harra Fruits.
 What sort of materials do you need this time?
Helbet: (Mr. Kayvan is actually... quite impressive...)
Helbet: But Mr. Kayvan still fishes up strange things every single time.
Helbet: But we just can't catch any fish...
Helbet: Don't worry, Mr. Kayvan. Didn't that researcher promise to keep researching? He'll definitely determine the reason behind all this for us.
Helbet: Even some adventurer who accidentally fell into the water once grabbed onto Mr. Kayvan's fishing line to get out of the water...
Helbet: He'll definitely be overjoyed that you fished it up.
Helbet: Hello, you two.
Helbet: Huh? The things in here... They seem like lost items again...
Helbet: I hope you'll be able to catch a fish today...
Helbet: Including lost items, ore from the bottom of the river, packages that fell off ships...
Helbet: M—Mr. Kayvan! Cheer up! L—Look, the owner of this thing is definitely anxious.
Helbet: Please try the new bait again, Mr. Kayvan.
Helbet: See, he even designed a new bait for you, and he wants me to stay here with you and record every detail of your fishing process down...
Helbet: Thank you, please give them to Mr. Kayvan...
Helbet: Uh... Let me have a look...
Helbet: Uh... We've been fishing ever since Mr. Kayvan and I went to that researcher to modify our bait...
Helbet: We may even be compensated when we take these lost items back to the Adventurers' Guild!
Kayvan catches a wet package a short while later...
Kayvan prepares the bait and begins fishing...
Kayvan: (I... I'll definitely catch a big fish...)
Kayvan: An ordinary one will do.
Kayvan: But no matter what I did, I could only fish up things that aren't fish.
Kayvan: But... I really! I really just want—
Kayvan: Haha! Nope. A researcher and I tried methods like modifying the fishing rod, adjusting the bait, and improving our techniques.
Kayvan: I hope he really succeeds... But until then, I'll just keep fishing my way.
Kayvan: I really just want to catch a fish!
Kayvan: I'm feeling pretty good today. It probably won't take long to catch something once I get the materials and make some bait.
Kayvan: I've done that so many times, but the results are just the same as before!
Kayvan: If you would, Traveler, could you get me some more material for bait?
Kayvan: Let me think... I'll use Padisarah this time.
Kayvan: Let me think... This time, I need Fresh Harra Fruits for my bait.
Kayvan: Let me think... This time, I need... Uh... a Special Sweet Flower.
Kayvan: My fishing career has come to its end...
Kayvan: Not bad. Now, it's time to fish. I'm gonna catch a big one this time!
Kayvan: The bait this time requires Sunsettia, Wheat, and Fresh Harra Fruits. Did you get them all?
(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, Fresh Harra Fruit ×3)
Kayvan: The bait this time requires Sunsettia, Wheat, and Padisarah. Did you get them all?
(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, Padisarah ×1)
Kayvan: The bait this time requires Sunsettia, Wheat, and a Special Sweet Flower. Did you get them all?
(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, Special Sweet Flower ×1)
Kayvan: There's a place somewhere that has pretty good Harra Fruits. I'll mark it out on your map...
Kayvan: There's a place with pretty good Sweet Flowers. I'll mark it out on your map...
Kayvan: Traveler, we meet again.
Kayvan: We tried so many bodies of water and angles... I even tried fishing in a pond full of fish.
Paimon: Huh? Why are the two of you fishing together again?
Paimon: Knocking them down is one way, but maybe we can sneak around them...
Paimon: Seems like we'll have to take them down first.
Paimon: So many monsters here...
Paimon: There are so many monsters here...