



Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: There once was a lone monster draped in fox fur. The monster found a family of foxes, joined them, and they became friends. The monster lived with the family, day and night, and everyone treated it as one of their own.


Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: Once in a while, the monster would take off its fox fur at night, and lament to itself as it gazed at its reflection in the water: "I am a monstrosity, yet they are too foolish to see it... I pity them."




Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 03.ogg Nahida: But the monster soon found solace when another came to live among the foxes who was not their kin: a kitten, carved from the wood of a white tree, who had been abandoned by the humans.


Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 04.ogg Nahida: The kitten, too, wished to become a fox, but its tail was too slender and it could not grow a coat of richly colored fur. Yet when the other foxes saw this, they spoke words of comfort to the kitten: "Even without a tail and fur like ours, you are still one of us."




Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 05.ogg Nahida: Furious at this happy resolution, the monster lit a fire on the mountain. The terrified animals panicked as the fire spread. The only way to extinguish the flames was to make a sacrifice.


Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 06.ogg Nahida: A gray fox stood up and addressed the monster. It said: "You are the cleverest among us. Surely you can help us find a way to solve this."


Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 07.ogg Nahida: The monster smiled, led the fox toward the fire... and murdered it. The gray fox's heart was turned into a beautiful drop of water, clear, spotless, and pure.




Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 08.ogg Nahida: The monster gave the heart of water to the kitten, telling him: "The foxes have decided. You are the one who must be sacrificed. Take this, quench the flames, and die for your fox kin."




Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 09.ogg Nahida: The fire was extinguished, but the kitten lived. It left that side of the mountain and found a little bird who had a broken wing.




Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 10.ogg Nahida: The two promised they would spend their whole lives together, but the little bird did not have long left to live. It passed away soon after. After burying the bird, the kitten left the mountain for good.




Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 11.ogg Nahida: ...Never again would it cherish a single creature, nor a single blade of grass that stood on that mountain. The kitten spent the nights wandering aimlessly, gnashing its teeth at the moon.


Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 12.ogg Nahida: How it wished to swallow the moon and devour the moonlight. If the world could only return to darkness, then it would finally be peaceful and content.




Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 13.ogg Nahida: "I will become the new moon, the answer to everything. Then, no one will know that there were once birds, foxes, and cats in this world. And no one can know that they were different."


"A Brief Analysis of Possible Events of Historical Importance in the Tatarasuna Area"
Details: This text belongs to a series of works sponsored by the Vahumana's "Veilcutter" project. It has yet to be numbered.
Author: Aqaba
Abstract: The Tatarasuna area has always been a major pillar of Inazuma's smithing industry. Two incidents have occurred here, and the details behind the first are vague at best. I believe, however, that there might a hidden history behind the events that transpired. Hence, this paper will attempt to analyze what may have unfolded from the available data.
Glossary: Tatarasuna area; Raiden Gokaden; Mikoshi Nagamasa
Introduction: This paper continues and expands the work of my mentor, Mr. Rumi, in his report on "Haply Hidden Tales of Tatarasuna," and is intended to further this avenue of research. According to the data, the blade-forging techniques of Inazuma were originally handed down from the Electro Archon, also known as the Raiden Shogun. Using the arts they inherited from their Archon, the people of Inazuma devoted themselves to the process of forging. However, strange rumors that do not quite fit the steely nature of metalwork yet linger about Tatarasuna's smelting center, which was a central pillar of the forging industry. There, the Mikoshi and Niwa Clans, along with an eccentric mechanic from abroad, serve as the three windows of insight we need to investigate the truth behind what happened.
Body
Strange notes from the Tatarasuna area. Their contents are as follows:
1
"...Perhaps I overstep, but I think that Sir Nagamasa's mood grows better when he forges blades..."
"...The obsession to cleanse the stain of the name 'Mikoshi' must eat at him..."
2
"...The Inspector bought a certain number of Jade Steel ingots..."
"...Sir Katsuragi discussed matters of smithing deep into the night with the Vice Armory Officer."
3
"...We at last made a single nagamaki. We call it the 'Daitatara Nagamasa'..."
"The Inspector was in high spirits, and he and the Vice Armory Officer..."
"...Nozomu was so taken by the beauty of the Daitatara Nagamasa that he drew a picture of it..."
4
"...The Inspector flew into a rage and slashed Katsuragi. The great blade cut deep into the flesh...cast his own nagamaki into the furnace's flame..."
"...Nozomu could not abide by that order, and drew the completely melted weapon out of the furnace... He was horribly burned..."
5
"...Nozomu died that night. I daresay that while Sir Katsuragi may have committed malfeasance, it was out of the goodness of his heart..."
6
"...Kinjirou hid the nagamaki and Nozomu's drawing in the Arsenal..."
"...Nagamasa is harsh, but also knows right from wrong. But even so, he is not amenable to reason. His name indicates one obsessed with purity... Still, I and some households of Tatarasuna have not been blinded by the matter of Nagamasa's mother Chiyo, and we trust him..."
"...I also remain unwilling to forget the joy of creating the Daitatara Nagamasa with him..."
7
"Before we withdrew, we should have divided the Arsenal Key into three parts: one for the Inspector, one for the Armory Officer, and one to be left in Tatarasuna itself to prevent theft."
"But we were in too much of a hurry, and neither the Inspector nor the Armory Officer could be found, so I was so bold as to hide the three pieces within treasure chests in Tatarasuna..."
The seven notes mentioned prior have been scattered across the Tatarasuna area. Among the seven notes, six seem to be of good physical integrity, though they all look quite old, while the last one looks more recent. I believe that the first six notes and the last are of different time periods, though the gulf in years between them needs to be verified. The contents of the first six should also be related to each other, as the incidents mentioned are quite consistent with one another.
Rumi once mentioned in "Haply Hidden Tales of Tatarasuna" (hereafter known as "Hidden Tales") that in the past, researchers from Sumeru had investigated the cultural histories of Tatarasuna and Inazuma. Though the place has fallen into some degree of disrepair since the "Hidden Tales" were written, things have improved since the time when I wrote my original article. Regardless, what used to be an area of major industry remains a place most inhospitable, and residents of Tatarasuna may be found living and dwelling by the waters. The residents, when questioned, told the researchers of Tatarasuna's golden age centuries ago, when it was administered by Armory Officer Niwa, Vice Armory Officer Miyazaki, and Inspector Mikoshi Nagamasa. Yet, the elders among the locals with deeper ties to the region also seemed to stress the fact that there were strange rumors surrounding their homeland's past.
A great many of these rumors revolved around the "youkai" who are so very characteristic of Inazuma's folk histories. A small portion, however, repeatedly mentions the word "outsider." It should be known that the appearance of such a character, who is suspected to be based on a real person, is a very curious case. This fact drew the attention of the researchers to delve further, and eventually, the following pieces of information came to light:
- A foreign mechanic once visited Tatarasuna. Reportedly, the reason for his immigration was to exchange knowledge and forge ties with the locals. However, the mechanic seemed to behave suspiciously, often wandering around essential or restricted areas. And if someone tried to turn him away, they would only earn incomprehensible mumbles from his lips.
- The mechanic often stared into the furnace, seemingly to check on its condition. Unsettlingly, he also spent a substantial amount of time watching the local residents.
Judging from the era, it was not uncommon to see cross-cultural exchanges of technical knowledge in places such as Tatarasuna. After traveling across the tides, foreign experts being welcome in the region was likely not unreasonable either. Yet, calamity came not long after this exchange of knowledge, which hints at high potential for causation between these events. However, some current residents believe that these assumptions were merely the results of their forebears' overactive imaginations attempting to theorize how things actually unfolded.
A list of individuals related to Tatarasuna has been compiled here based on historical documents from Inazuma. Starting from the administrators, the records are as follows.
Armory Officer — Niwa
Full name Niwa Hisahide. He was the inheritor of the Isshin Art, and successor to the Niwa Clan. His family, along with the Akame and Kaedehara clans, were together known as the "Isshin Sansaku." Records show that Niwa was a modest and intelligent individual who displayed remarkable talent in the administration of territory and people. His eventual whereabouts are unknown, but he was suspected to have left Tatarasuna with his family following the incident.
Vice Armory Officer — Miyazaki
Full name Miyazaki Kaneo. He was Niwa's second-in-command. His origins are unknown, and he primarily assisted Niwa in forging and personnel management. He was of affable temperament and had many friends in the region, including one Mikoshi Nagamasa.
Inspector — Mikoshi Nagamasa
The successor of the Mikoshi Clan, adopted son to oni warrior Mikoshi Chiyo, and the younger adopted brother to Mikoshi Michihiro, also known as "Iwakura the Successor." With his mother missing and abandoned by his brother, Nagamasa alone bore the family name, striving daily to wipe the shame from their history. Though records state that Mikoshi Nagamasa was a stubborn figure, he was also noted to be a person of moral virtue and integrity. It has been noted in various records that he practiced forging swords for self-cultivation, and specially requested special instruction from Miyazaki to further his capabilities. However, after the famous blade, Daitatara Nagamasa, was forged, he used it to slay his subordinate, Katsuragi, for reasons unknown at present.
Subordinate — Katsuragi
Katsuragi's full name and background remain unknown. Despite all the materials I have sorted through, I have yet to find anymore additional personal information regarding him. As one of Mikoshi Nagamasa's subordinates, he was a loyal warrior who had been saved by Nagamasa in his youth. From then on, he swore to stick by his lord through thick and thin and to give his life in service if it was but asked of him.
The Mechanic
Long have I delved through many texts and documents, but I was ultimately unable to decipher even a specter of a clue as to his background. Still, mentions of the mechanic grew scarcer in the aftermath of the Tatarasuna incident. I speculate that, instead of the mechanic possibly being a figure woven from over-ripe imaginations, he actually did exist, and perhaps even had a hand in the events that took place in Tatarasuna.
(It seems that the rest of this paper remains unfinished... One thing is for sure, though — a lot of thought was put into it.)

The Isle of Darkling Clouds
Author: Sawada
Extract I
...
...
A man arrived in Tatarasuna around three in the afternoon. From afar, he spied laborers walking along the mountain roads toward the factories, their shoes scuffing along the jutting stones. They walked like people convinced that so long as they reached the fire raging in the mountain's belly, they might extract from it gems beyond price. The mood that the sight inspired was ineffable, beyond mere description for those not present to witness it.
The man barked a cheerful greeting and sprinted to join the procession. There, a towering character who stood half a head taller greeted him with a heavy slap on the back, and yet, his words were filled with respect: "Do my eyes deceive me? Sir Miyazaki! I cannot think that the return trip here from Inazuma City could have been easy on you."
Miyazaki smiled like a young man taking the first steps on their journey, expression relaxed. "Why Katsuragi, Inazuma is the realm of the Almighty Shogun. I sailed upon the fastest ship, strode upon the swiftest sea routes. What dangers could I have possibly faced?"
"And what about the good news?"
"There was some... Naturally." The two burst into uproarious laughter, roughhousing with the other workers until the path's end.
A young man dressed in a linen shirt and wearing a headscarf gazed into the dancing flames of the furnace before him.
Now, the flames of a forge are unlike any other, for their intensity affects the resulting integrity of both metal and blade. So too, then, was the flame-watcher an unusual individual. At his fingertips sat a lizard, and on his face he wore a smile.
The workshop was huge, and the furnace was deeper within. A reasonable person might think that there should have been many working alongside the watcher, yet he stood alone. Only when Katsuragi and Miyazaki strode into the room did the watcher turn.
This watcher was Niwa, Armory Officer and administrator of Tatarasuna. Born to the Niwa Clan, which served as one of the three pillars of the Isshin Art, Niwa never argued with his siblings and was a worthy successor by all accounts. The post he received as a result of his high standing with those in power served as a statement unto itself.
Miyazaki handed a well-bundled text to Niwa as he adjusted his expression is said: "It is as you have said, sir. The elders of your clan in the city do not think highly of our plan. Yet I still believe it to be worth a try. As such, I have found the proper vendors and procured the materials that you requested."
Niwa studied the text and nodded. "We should try some of these new forging techniques, whether Kaedehara says yea or nay."
Katsuragi frowned, and with a sigh he said: "Forging is a precise and difficult undertaking. You know this better than most, sirs, and still, you seek improvement each day with terrifying drive! Ah, should my lord Nagamasa hear this, the sourness in his face shall be hard to miss."
Niwa smiled, replying: "And how goes the forging of your lord's great blade, Katsuragi?"
Katsuragi neither wanted to shame his master nor lie to his two friends, and yet he could not think of any way to deflect, and so groused: "I see your ears are as keen as your hands, Sir Niwa. The jokes of us unlearned men are as nothing before you."
Miyazaki hid his grin. Upon hearing this, Niwa released the lizard from his hand into Katsuragi's palm. But just as more words were to be exchanged, someone came walking nearby, their footsteps steady and confident. The head that appeared by the door was that of one from abroad. The newcomer placed some lunchboxes to one side, nodded, and made to leave. Katsuragi called out after him. "Sir, what about your meal? Are you not hungry?"
The man smiled upon hearing Katsuragi's words. "I already ate. I hope that you, my lords, may also find time to sate your hunger soon."
"You are our guest, sir. To see you help in these trifling matters fills me with embarrassment," Niwa said with sincerity.
The man smiled, as if it was no matter. Then, with a nod, he departed.
Extract II
...
...
The stranger, a foreign mechanic, stood next to the coast.
Sunset fell to the accompaniment of darkness. The bands of twilight showed themselves naught, for in their place did thunderclouds roil, grumbling the omens of a coming rainstorm.
Darkness filled the flesh of the sea and the dusk bade the clouds to kneel upon the land. But the man stood uncowed, merely gazing into the distance, radiating bloodthirst.
None passed him by, and none knew what he was plotting.
Time passed, unmeasured and uncounted, till a black cloud suddenly tore free from the sky and began to circle the mechanic, bearing down on him like an omen. He then caressed the dark mist, as if it was a part of his flesh.
Outbound, a fishing boat drew near, the lights of its bow flickering in and out of sight beneath falling sheets of rain. A mist unspooled across the area, stealing sight from the fisherman. Repeatedly, he exclaimed: "It is but dusk. How are my eyes darkened? Is there anyone that can deliver my boat upon safe tides?"
Like a falling spear, the black cloud reached the bottom of the boat, and was joined in its bereftness of direction. Like a charging beast, they plunged into the shoreline. Scant steps away, the mechanic laughed, slowly approaching the grand wreck.
Naught but half an arm was left of the one who had cried out for help, and with a "plop," it landed at the mechanic's feet, who crouched to better study the object, straining against the urge to take a bite.
Yet, he did not, for the dark clouds swirling down had already picked the remnants of the ship clean.
Extract III
...
...
Katsuragi rushed to the doorway and shouted: "My lord! Things go ill at the furnace. I have searched for Sir Niwa, but there is no trace of him. And much time has passed since Sir Miyazaki left to seek aid, but he has yet to send us any missive. Look..."
Mikoshi Nagamasa turned slowly, his face grave as one attending a funeral. He spoke then, his words heavy-laden: "I wish not to say such words, Katsuragi... But Sir Miyazaki may never return."
Katsuragi peered past Nagamasa's broad, stiff shoulders, beyond the windows. The clouds above boiled in waves of black, as if darkness now was the only weather, and might even morph into an abyssal beast and devour Tatarasuna whole.
Over ten people had already perished. That was why... Why...
Katsuragi recoiled as if struck. Yes! It was coming back to him now, in dribs and drabs... That was why they had to set out to seek aid!
Miyazaki had been the first to set sail. The clouds had only just begun to form then. Traveling from Tatarasuna to Inazuma to ask for support was normally no great feat, and yet, there had been no sign of his return.
Then a second ship was sent, followed by a third, and a fourth... Each who left to seek salvation did so under foul skies and bleak fortunes. Reason dictated that they should not have risked anyone else, but the situation in Tatarasuna was severe. They needed to gain aid from Inazuma, even should it cost them more lives.
Niwa was gone, and none could find him. Afterward, Nagamasa led a search party into the mountains and the area around the furnace, all to no avail. Folk began to wonder if Niwa might have encountered an accident, but worry soon turned to suspicion, and they wondered if he had fled, unwilling to bear the sin of having caused these incidents.
The people grew ever more suspicious, and Nagamasa himself strained against his discontent and fury. His face had grown to resemble the rumbling clouds above.
Suddenly, a figure flashed by. Their presence did not go unnoticed by Nagamasa. He drew his blade and cut, but in a flash, the evil spirit had shifted behind him, laughing darkly: "Are you seeking someone, my lord? Niwa, perhaps?"
Nagamasa bellowed in fury: "You dare address Sir Niwa directly?" Yet, the figure parted like mist before his falling blade, only to re-materialize beyond reach but not beyond sight — a ghastly apparition indeed.
"Was it you who slew my people?" Nagamasa howled and charged, held back only by Katsuragi's desperate grip. As his senses returned to him, he realized he was but an inch away from falling into the furnace.
(It seems that the rest of this work remains unfinished... From the existing text, however, it is apparent that this is a novel of fantastical, colorful sensibilities, born from an imagination well-utilized.)
 ...
 ...Alright.
 ...It feels like life is as insignificant as a feather.
 ...Okay.
 ...You can say that again.
 ...You're a puppet.
 ...You're right, we were following you.
 A masterpiece!
 And now we're just finishing the job.
 Are you saying...
 Are you still talking about the... "essay"?
 Can I read it again?
 He chose such a radical option, and yet...
 He's The Doctor. He's behind all of this.
 I can prove it.
 ...You're a puppet.
 I have to tell you the truth.
 I hear voices!
 I just feel... empty.
 I was investigating the situation with The Balladeer.
 I've never had this feeling before...
 I... I'm really not sure.
 It's complicated, but I do know you.
 Let's follow him!
 Now you've recovered your memories...
 Quest DescriptionThe information you gathered left you with a heavy heart. You decide to return to the Sanctuary of Surasthana and tell Nahida about everything you learned...
 Shush.
 Sorry, it's just... Give me a minute. I'm still... processing.
 Step DescriptionThe information you gathered left you with a heavy heart. You decide to return to the Sanctuary of Surasthana and tell Nahida about everything you learned. Nahida is reminded of a secret she intentionally kept hidden before The Balladeer entered Irminsul. After solving the puzzle, everyone is reminded of the things The Balladeer has done...
 Sure.
 That guy... is The Balladeer.
 The article that you let me read last time was great.
 The past will catch up with you.
 There are things that have happened... that only I can remember.
 I have to tell you the truth.
 There's somewhere I want to take you.
 This matches everything I said.
 We were each other's enemies.
 We're just trying to think where to start...
 We've got some things to take care of. Bye for now.
 Yes.
"...I also remain unwilling to forget the joy of creating the Daitatara Nagamasa with him..."
"...Kinjirou hid the nagamaki and Nozomu's drawing in the Arsenal..."
"...Nagamasa is harsh, but also knows right from wrong. But even so, he is not amenable to reason. His name indicates one obsessed with purity... Still, I and some households of Tatarasuna have not been blinded by the matter of Nagamasa's mother Chiyo, and we trust him..."
"...Nozomu could not abide by that order, and drew the completely melted weapon out of the furnace... He was horribly burned..."
"...Nozomu died that night. I daresay that while Sir Katsuragi may have committed malfeasance, it was out of the goodness of his heart..."
"...Nozomu was so taken by the beauty of the Daitatara Nagamasa that he drew a picture of it..."
"...Perhaps I overstep, but I think that Sir Nagamasa's mood grows better when he forges blades..."
"...Sir Katsuragi discussed matters of smithing deep into the night with the Vice Armory Officer."
"...The Inspector bought a certain number of Jade Steel ingots..."
"...The Inspector flew into a rage and slashed Katsuragi. The great blade cut deep into the flesh...cast his own nagamaki into the furnace's flame..."
"...The obsession to cleanse the stain of the name 'Mikoshi' must eat at him..."
"...We at last made a single nagamaki. We call it the 'Daitatara Nagamasa'..."
"A Brief Analysis of Possible Events of Historical Importance in the Tatarasuna Area"
"And what about the good news?"
"Before we withdrew, we should have divided the Arsenal Key into three parts: one for the Inspector, one for the Armory Officer, and one to be left in Tatarasuna itself to prevent theft."
"But we were in too much of a hurry, and neither the Inspector nor the Armory Officer could be found, so I was so bold as to hide the three pieces within treasure chests in Tatarasuna..."
"The Inspector was in high spirits, and he and the Vice Armory Officer..."
"There was some... Naturally." The two burst into uproarious laughter, roughhousing with the other workers until the path's end.
"Was it you who slew my people?" Nagamasa howled and charged, held back only by Katsuragi's desperate grip. As his senses returned to him, he realized he was but an inch away from falling into the furnace.
"You are our guest, sir. To see you help in these trifling matters fills me with embarrassment," Niwa said with sincerity.
(End of illustrations)
(It seems that the rest of this paper remains unfinished... One thing is for sure, though — a lot of thought was put into it.)
(It seems that the rest of this work remains unfinished... From the existing text, however, it is apparent that this is a novel of fantastical, colorful sensibilities, born from an imagination well-utilized.)
(Traveler): (!!!?)
(Traveler): ("Everything can be set right. It's time to solve this once and for all"... Maybe that's all there is to it.)
(Traveler): (...!)
(Traveler): (...)
(Traveler): (...I have a nagging feeling, like there's something I'm missing. Something important that I'm forgetting...)
(Traveler): (...If I wasn't seeing this with my own eyes, I would never believe it.)
(Traveler): (...Is this the true meaning of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata's words? A person can't erase themselves, and even though the original Balladeer has gone, this person will live on in his place...)
(Traveler): (...No, I can't tell Paimon. She doesn't know about Greater Lord Rukkhadevata.)
(Traveler): (...Oh no...)
(Traveler): (Are a person's sins an inescapable part of their destiny too?)
(Traveler): (But this is a crucially important detail: It's simply not possible for The Balladeer to completely erase his own existence. In which case, the question is... What happened to him?)
(Traveler): (Come on, brain. Let's dig this out... It's gotta be in there somewhere. It was something about Irminsul, and deleting oneself...)
(Traveler): (Did he want to reset everything? Or save someone? Or did he want to completely undo his existence?)
(Traveler): (Even Nahida doesn't remember... Just like last time, any changes to Irminsul affect her as well.)
(Traveler): (Greater Lord Rukkhadevata... forbidden knowledge... Nahida...)
(Traveler): (I hesitated because I witnessed Greater Lord Rukkhadevata erase her own existence, but I can't tell Nahida that.)
(Traveler): (I remember this... It was an unsettling place.)
(Traveler): (I still remember the question he asked. He asked me, specifically... and my hesitation gave him his answer.)
(Traveler): (I'm the only one who still remembers the things that were erased. Once again... I am the record-keeper.)
(Traveler): (Otherwise, why would she need to create her own reincarnation in Lesser Lord Kusanali to do the deletion for her? There would be no point.)
(Traveler): (Perfect. These two have researched Tatarasuna's past. Let's hear what they have to say.)
(Traveler): (The Balladeer acted quickly. He finished erasing himself before Nahida could stop him...)
(Traveler): (The Balladeer said he'd erase two of his names. If he really succeeded, it must have taken all of his might... But still...)
(Traveler): (The content has changed. Another effect of tampering with the information in Irminsul.)
(Traveler): (To put it another way, I know why The Balladeer was so sure it could work... But I can't tell them that.)
(Traveler): (We were enemies, after all. I don't know his perspective on all this, so I can't say why he did something so extreme...)
(Traveler): (What exactly did he want to fight back against? The betrayals in his life? Or did he wish he'd never existed at all?)
(Traveler): (Yeah. He changed the world in many ways, and yet the dead still didn't get a second chance. Those fated to a tragic end could not be saved.)
(Traveler): (Yes, that was it! Greater Lord Rukkhadevata — she said that no one can erase themselves from existence, not even her.)
(Traveler): ...
- A foreign mechanic once visited Tatarasuna. Reportedly, the reason for his immigration was to exchange knowledge and forge ties with the locals. However, the mechanic seemed to behave suspiciously, often wandering around essential or restricted areas. And if someone tried to turn him away, they would only earn incomprehensible mumbles from his lips.
- The mechanic often stared into the furnace, seemingly to check on its condition. Unsettlingly, he also spent a substantial amount of time watching the local residents.
...
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
A great many of these rumors revolved around the "youkai" who are so very characteristic of Inazuma's folk histories. A small portion, however, repeatedly mentions the word "outsider." It should be known that the appearance of such a character, who is suspected to be based on a real person, is a very curious case. This fact drew the attention of the researchers to delve further, and eventually, the following pieces of information came to light:
A list of individuals related to Tatarasuna has been compiled here based on historical documents from Inazuma. Starting from the administrators, the records are as follows.
A man arrived in Tatarasuna around three in the afternoon. From afar, he spied laborers walking along the mountain roads toward the factories, their shoes scuffing along the jutting stones. They walked like people convinced that so long as they reached the fire raging in the mountain's belly, they might extract from it gems beyond price. The mood that the sight inspired was ineffable, beyond mere description for those not present to witness it.
A young man dressed in a linen shirt and wearing a headscarf gazed into the dancing flames of the furnace before him.
Abstract: The Tatarasuna area has always been a major pillar of Inazuma's smithing industry. Two incidents have occurred here, and the details behind the first are vague at best. I believe, however, that there might a hidden history behind the events that transpired. Hence, this paper will attempt to analyze what may have unfolded from the available data.
After a series of events in Tatarasuna, The Balladeer, thinking he had been thrice betrayed, left Inazuma to roam the world beyond.
Armory Officer — Niwa
Author: Aqaba
Author: Sawada
Body
Cutscene's Travel Log summary:
The turbulent memories return to the Wanderer's heart. His time as The Balladeer flows into his mind, and the shock of it causes him immense agony. As you and Paimon worry over this turn of events, Shouki no Kami, the false god that once posed a massive threat to Sumeru, re-emerges from the depths of his memories and attacks you. Assaulted by his memories, the Wanderer has been rendered immobile, and so you go forth to do battle with the giant machine. Yet Shouki no Kami attacks far too swiftly, and just as you are about to be flattened by one of its mighty, undodgeable blows, someone comes to your defense, deflecting the attack.It is your companion — now having accepted his memories of his "previous life" as The Balladeer into himself. And the thing that has helped him block that strike... is a Vision.
Nahida: You have made your decision
Nahida: Now... take this
(The Wanderer reaches out to the memory and it plunges into his chest)
Wanderer: Aah...!
(The Wanderer sees a memory of Raiden Shogun at the Grand Narukami Shrine)
Yae Miko: Set him free?
(The Wanderer sees a memory of a man at the Shakkei Pavilion)
Katsuragi: A puppet? What's he doing here...
(The Wanderer continues to be in agony)
Wanderer: Argh! It's...
(The Wanderer sees a memory of Niwa at the Tatarasuna forge)
Niwa: You're a human as far as I'm concerned
(The Wanderer sees a memory of Escher)
Escher: Everyone's here. Wonderful
(The Wanderer sees a memory of a man holding the Katsuragikiri Nagamasa)
Miyazaki: What a fine blade!
Miyazaki: Nagamasa will be thrilled
(The Wanderer drops to his knees in agony)
Wanderer: This is... my...
Paimon: Is he alright...?
(The Shouki no Kami awakens and begins to attack as The Wanderer is still in shock)
Paimon: No way!
(The Traveler destroys a rock that was on course to hit the Wanderer)
Paimon: Hey! Are you done yet!?
(The Shouki no Kami shoots a Electrostreak beam towards the three)
(The Wanderer, in his mind, reaches towards the light)
Wanderer: All worthless dross will be purged
Wanderer: That's why...
Wanderer: ...This won't be the end!
(The Wanderer reaches out and grabs onto The Balladeer's hand, only to notice that the Balladeer has reached out for his other hand)
(The Wanderer comes to his senses as the beam reaches them)
(In the aftermath of the attack, it seems that something had deflected the beam)
(The Traveler and Paimon see the Wanderer standing in front of them, as an Anemo Vision descends in front of him)
Paimon: Balladeer!?
(He snatches the Vision from the air and a familiar grin appears on his face)
Wanderer: Die!
(Cinematic ends)
Darkness filled the flesh of the sea and the dusk bade the clouds to kneel upon the land. But the man stood uncowed, merely gazing into the distance, radiating bloodthirst.
Details: This text belongs to a series of works sponsored by the Vahumana's "Veilcutter" project. It has yet to be numbered.
Escher: Everyone's here. Wonderful
Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom: ...!!
Extract I
Extract II
Extract III
Finally, he entered Irminsul and learned the truth behind his betrayal.Knowing now that his entire life was built on lies, he did the unthinkable in an attempt to reverse his tragic fate...
Full name Miyazaki Kaneo. He was Niwa's second-in-command. His origins are unknown, and he primarily assisted Niwa in forging and personnel management. He was of affable temperament and had many friends in the region, including one Mikoshi Nagamasa.
Full name Niwa Hisahide. He was the inheritor of the Isshin Art, and successor to the Niwa Clan. His family, along with the Akame and Kaedehara clans, were together known as the "Isshin Sansaku." Records show that Niwa was a modest and intelligent individual who displayed remarkable talent in the administration of territory and people. His eventual whereabouts are unknown, but he was suspected to have left Tatarasuna with his family following the incident.
Glossary: Tatarasuna area; Raiden Gokaden; Mikoshi Nagamasa
Inspector — Mikoshi Nagamasa
Introduction: This paper continues and expands the work of my mentor, Mr. Rumi, in his report on "Haply Hidden Tales of Tatarasuna," and is intended to further this avenue of research. According to the data, the blade-forging techniques of Inazuma were originally handed down from the Electro Archon, also known as the Raiden Shogun. Using the arts they inherited from their Archon, the people of Inazuma devoted themselves to the process of forging. However, strange rumors that do not quite fit the steely nature of metalwork yet linger about Tatarasuna's smelting center, which was a central pillar of the forging industry. There, the Mikoshi and Niwa Clans, along with an eccentric mechanic from abroad, serve as the three windows of insight we need to investigate the truth behind what happened.
Judging from the era, it was not uncommon to see cross-cultural exchanges of technical knowledge in places such as Tatarasuna. After traveling across the tides, foreign experts being welcome in the region was likely not unreasonable either. Yet, calamity came not long after this exchange of knowledge, which hints at high potential for causation between these events. However, some current residents believe that these assumptions were merely the results of their forebears' overactive imaginations attempting to theorize how things actually unfolded.
Katsuragi frowned, and with a sigh he said: "Forging is a precise and difficult undertaking. You know this better than most, sirs, and still, you seek improvement each day with terrifying drive! Ah, should my lord Nagamasa hear this, the sourness in his face shall be hard to miss."
Katsuragi neither wanted to shame his master nor lie to his two friends, and yet he could not think of any way to deflect, and so groused: "I see your ears are as keen as your hands, Sir Niwa. The jokes of us unlearned men are as nothing before you."
Katsuragi peered past Nagamasa's broad, stiff shoulders, beyond the windows. The clouds above boiled in waves of black, as if darkness now was the only weather, and might even morph into an abyssal beast and devour Tatarasuna whole.
Katsuragi recoiled as if struck. Yes! It was coming back to him now, in dribs and drabs... That was why they had to set out to seek aid!
Katsuragi rushed to the doorway and shouted: "My lord! Things go ill at the furnace. I have searched for Sir Niwa, but there is no trace of him. And much time has passed since Sir Miyazaki left to seek aid, but he has yet to send us any missive. Look..."
Katsuragi's full name and background remain unknown. Despite all the materials I have sorted through, I have yet to find anymore additional personal information regarding him. As one of Mikoshi Nagamasa's subordinates, he was a loyal warrior who had been saved by Nagamasa in his youth. From then on, he swore to stick by his lord through thick and thin and to give his life in service if it was but asked of him.
Katsuragi: A puppet? What's he doing here...
Like a falling spear, the black cloud reached the bottom of the boat, and was joined in its bereftness of direction. Like a charging beast, they plunged into the shoreline. Scant steps away, the mechanic laughed, slowly approaching the grand wreck.
Long have I delved through many texts and documents, but I was ultimately unable to decipher even a specter of a clue as to his background. Still, mentions of the mechanic grew scarcer in the aftermath of the Tatarasuna incident. I speculate that, instead of the mechanic possibly being a figure woven from over-ripe imaginations, he actually did exist, and perhaps even had a hand in the events that took place in Tatarasuna.
Media:vo dialog llzaq003 aqaba 01.ogg Aqaba: I don't know what I was expecting, but... I never would have guessed this...
Media:vo dialog llzaq003 merchant 01.ogg Merchant: *sigh* ...That was a good batch of Sunsettias, too...
Media:vo dialog llzaq003 merchant 02.ogg Merchant: Don't worry about me.
Media:vo dialog llzaq003 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: There's a few things I'd like to look into. You should go take a walk and try to unwind.
Media:vo dialog llzaq003 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: It's time to get ready.
Media:vo dialog llzaq003 sawada 01.ogg Sawada: Great, I can finally move forward with my novel! But what a sad story...
Media:vo dialog llzaq003 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: No matter what lies ahead, I'll face it. Whatever it takes. I'm just sorry that you have to join me for the whole thing.
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 01a.ogg Aqaba: Hey! It's them!
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 02.ogg Aqaba: Unfortunately, we haven't made any real progress...
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 03.ogg Aqaba: Huh? Oh, uh, of course.
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 04.ogg Aqaba: Well, what do you think?
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 05.ogg Aqaba: What did you find out? Something big?
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 06.ogg Aqaba: Wow! So many new details... Thank you so much for sharing that with us!
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 07.ogg Aqaba: This new information actually lends further credence to my hypothesis — evidently, swordsmiths were seen as having an incredibly prestigious role in society in those days, to the extent that harming them was conceived of, at least by the perpetrator, as a way of exacting revenge against those in power...
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 08.ogg Aqaba: Oh, so sorry, look at us, prattling on about our projects and ignoring you. Thank you so much for the information.
Media:vo llzaq003 1 aqaba 09.ogg Aqaba: (I'd better make some notes and then get working on my essay.)
Media:vo llzaq003 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Aqaba, Sawada! You're still here?
Media:vo llzaq003 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: We have time. What do you wanna talk to us about?
Media:vo llzaq003 1 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Still looking for more info about Tatarasuna, huh? Hmm, should we join them?
Media:vo llzaq003 1 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Hey (Traveler), remember how last time Aqaba was saying how he wished they could gather more information about all this? Well, we just got back from Inazuma, so how about we tell them what we learned?
Media:vo llzaq003 1 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: It's a long story. Basically, we have some friends in Inazuma, and...
Media:vo llzaq003 1 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Aaand they're back at it. These guys are really into this.
Media:vo llzaq003 1 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: You're welcome. See ya!
Media:vo llzaq003 1 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Will do!
Media:vo llzaq003 1 sawada 01.ogg Sawada: Indeed we are! If you have a moment, we'd love for you to join us once more.
Media:vo llzaq003 1 sawada 02.ogg Sawada: The same topic we discussed last time... obviously.
Media:vo llzaq003 1 sawada 03.ogg Sawada: I presume you'll want to read mine as well? Here.
Media:vo llzaq003 1 sawada 04.ogg Sawada: Well, well, so it all comes down to one man's desire for revenge... Huh. You heard this from a member of the Amenoma Clan, you say? Then I guess it must be true.
Media:vo llzaq003 1 sawada 05.ogg Sawada: *sigh* So there's no ghost story here after all...
Media:vo llzaq003 1 sawada 06.ogg Sawada: Yes, yes, okay, point taken. You were right, but that doesn't mean I can't carry on with my novel...
Media:vo llzaq003 1 sawada 07.ogg Sawada: Keep us in the loop if you find out anything else!
Media:vo llzaq003 1 sawada 08.ogg Sawada: (Asking the Traveler to help out was definitely the right call.)
Media:vo llzaq003 10 boy 01.ogg Child: Whoa... This is where you were born? It's pretty! But there's nobody here... *cough*
Media:vo llzaq003 10 boy 02.ogg Child: ...Okay.
Media:vo llzaq003 10 boy 03.ogg Child: I heard my mom and dad used to make swords, but the factory manager died, and then my dad got sick... *cough*
Media:vo llzaq003 10 boy 04.ogg Child: He kept coughing all the time, just like me. Then, Mom started coughing too...
Media:vo llzaq003 10 boy 05.ogg Child: Yep, we're family now. We're gonna be together for ever and ever!
Media:vo llzaq003 10 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: This child didn't have a name. Or rather... The Balladeer didn't know what to call him. His father died before he could name him.
Media:vo llzaq003 10 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: After his mother died, the child stayed in their straw hut alone. Some of the neighbors helped to raise him.
Media:vo llzaq003 10 nahida 03.ogg Nahida: After leaving Tatarasuna, The Balladeer ran into this child who didn't have a name, just like him. They made a promise to live together.
Media:vo llzaq003 10 nahida 04.ogg Nahida: He died from his illness while he was still very young. The Balladeer came home one day and found that he had stopped breathing.
Media:vo llzaq003 10 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Huh? What are we doing back here?
Media:vo llzaq003 10 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: What happened to the child then?
Media:vo llzaq003 10 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Let's keep going.
Media:vo llzaq003 10 scaramouche 01.ogg Kabukimono: I was abandoned, like you. I lived here for a while at first, but... There's nothing for us here. We can't stay...
Media:vo llzaq003 10 scaramouche 02.ogg Kabukimono: But you can't. You promised me.
Media:vo llzaq003 10 scaramouche 03.ogg Kabukimono: ...Hey! Wh—What's wrong...? Say something!!!
Media:vo llzaq003 10 scaramouche 04.ogg Kabukimono: ...You promised me we could be family! You're no different from Niwa and all the others... You betrayed me too. Haha...
Media:vo llzaq003 10 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 10 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: The voices have gone. It looks like the memory ends here.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: In the original version of events, (Traveler) once encountered The Balladeer here.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: The plot does not end here. There is more of this story to come. Wanderer, are you able to continue?
Media:vo llzaq003 12 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Ugh, Paimon knows this place... It's the Delusion Factory in Inazuma!
Media:vo llzaq003 12 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Such a creepy atmosphere... and so familiar...
Media:vo llzaq003 12 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Hey, look over there!
Media:vo llzaq003 12 pierro 01.ogg The Jester: I come not to obstruct you. I have been waiting.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 pierro 02.ogg The Jester: What you are, truly, is a weapon, one that could be wielded with an iron will... or, you could continue to drift aimlessly.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 pierro 03.ogg The Jester: The long-fated rebellion has begun. Why not take your place at the banquet and join those who shall feast?
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 01.ogg Kabukimono: You do realize you're blocking my path?
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 02.ogg Kabukimono: ...Are you trying to win me over?
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 03.ogg Scaramouche: Well, well, my fair lady, is this run-down factory and these incompetent fools all for me? Wow, you shouldn't have.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 04.ogg Scaramouche: ...Heh, what a sharp tongue you have.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 05.ogg Scaramouche: Funny how negotiating never seems to be your strong suit. For the task ahead, I suggest you keep your true feelings to yourself.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 06.ogg Scaramouche: I'm sure you think so, but I still think you need to hear it: Don't start thinking you're invincible. And don't let your emotions get in the way.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 07.ogg Scaramouche: I just can't have you getting in my way. You and Childe never fail to find ways to complicate things.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 08.ogg Scaramouche: ..."Poor little tongue"? Hahaha... She's playing with fire talking to me like that. Who does she think she is?
Media:vo llzaq003 12 scaramouche 09.ogg Scaramouche: ...Forget it. Someone might find me here any minute now. I should prepare to give them a warm welcome.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 signora 01.ogg Signora: Hah. What do you have to gain from belittling your subordinates? You might not want to admit it, but you are a part of this plan.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 signora 02.ogg Signora: Perhaps you find fighting in the Abyss to be a more meaningful use of your time? Oh, but of course, even this pales in comparison to being experimented on by The Doctor.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 signora 03.ogg Signora: Hmph, save your breath. I know what I have to do.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 signora 04.ogg Signora: Surely you're not worried about me?
Media:vo llzaq003 12 signora 05.ogg Signora: I'm merely lighting a little fire in this chaotic nation, but you... Being tossed out like trash must make you want to destroy it completely.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 signora 06.ogg Signora: Do you remember the last time you were here? That was a lot of swordsmiths you killed. I'm sure the descendants of the Raiden Gokaden are still suffering the consequences now.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 signora 07.ogg Signora: Look at you... Aw, don't get so sentimental. Now, give that poor little tongue of yours a rest, and stop pretending like you're above everyone else.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 signora 08.ogg Signora: Bye, then. See you at the victory feast.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: This place is dark.
Media:vo llzaq003 12 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 12 wanderer 03.ogg Wanderer: ...Yes, please don't worry about me.
Media:vo llzaq003 13 scaramouche 01.ogg Scaramouche: I'm under no obligation to be nice to you. Besides, I thought nothing mattered to you except results and your own interests. Isn't that right... witch?
Media:vo llzaq003 13 scaramouche 02.ogg Scaramouche: You're about as much fun to be around as a raging inferno. But before we murder each other, it'd be best if we finish our duties.
Media:vo llzaq003 13 signora 01.ogg Signora: Why are you staring at me in silence? Can't you think of a nicer way to express yourself?
Media:vo llzaq003 13 signora 02.ogg Signora: Hehe... Muddle-headed puppet, you're only No. 6 because you can take more abuse than other humans. Do you really count that as an asset?
Media:vo llzaq003 17 azar 01.ogg Azar: The biological transformation is a lengthy process. As such, I too would recommend that we commence as soon as possible. In the event that a successful connection is established, his body will become permanently bound to the machine, and he will be unable to move independently of it.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 dottore 01.ogg The Doctor: Welcome. I look forward to a fruitful collaboration.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 dottore 02.ogg The Doctor: You seem impatient? You should know that becoming a god is far from a trivial affair.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 dottore 03.ogg The Doctor: You were the most resilient test subject I ever came across. Thanks to you, I was able to garner a great deal of information.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 dottore 04.ogg The Doctor: Alas, after that, you were under orders to remain in the Abyss. We barely saw each other, and it became difficult to further refine the knowledge I had gained.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 dottore 05.ogg The Doctor: I suggest you speak to me in a more respectful tone, Scaramouche. The mere fact of your utility does not make you indestructible.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: Let's move on.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Looks like we've arrived in Sumeru!
Media:vo llzaq003 17 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Uh... Is that...
Media:vo llzaq003 17 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: ...The Doctor again... That was uncomfortable to watch.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: It's normal for him to give you the creeps! He scares the bejeebers out of Paimon...
Media:vo llzaq003 17 scaramouche 01.ogg Scaramouche: ...Hmph.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 scaramouche 02.ogg Scaramouche: When do we start?
Media:vo llzaq003 17 scaramouche 03.ogg Scaramouche: Nothing worse than what I've been through before then, Doctor?
Media:vo llzaq003 17 scaramouche 04.ogg Scaramouche: That was gracefully worded. Ever wonder what they'd think if they knew that nothing matters to you apart from your crazy experiments?
Media:vo llzaq003 17 scholar 01.ogg Akademiya Researcher: Considering that Amurta's sage, Naphis, refused to join this project, I'll take part in the experiment in his place.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: That person gives off a very sinister energy.
Media:vo llzaq003 17 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 19 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: If you accept that he is you, just as you are you, then yes — you are evil.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: Do you think there are any differences between your present self and your previous and future incarnations? If not, then what are the differences between humans and puppets?
Media:vo llzaq003 19 nahida 03.ogg Nahida: Whoever has tasted the joys and sorrows of life in the human realm is human. Whoever has loved and lost, cried with grief, howled with rage at the tragedy of death that eclipses the miracle of life... they are human, too.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 nahida 04.ogg Nahida: Regaining your memories means reverting completely to your previous incarnation. All the emotions that you discarded will return to you.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 nahida 05.ogg Nahida: Are you sure you want to do this?
Media:vo llzaq003 19 nahida 06.ogg Nahida: Very well.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 nahida 07.ogg Nahida: Since your mind is made up, I will return to you that which is yours.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Huh? But won't that mean you'll lose your current identity?
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: You're a god... Do you think I'm evil?
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: In your eyes, are there any differences between humans and puppets?
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 03.ogg Wanderer: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 04.ogg Wanderer: I've seen enough of my past. If possible, I'd like to reclaim the sins that are mine to bear.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 05.ogg Wanderer: No matter the consequences, I won't run from blame or punishment. Whatever I am due, let it come to pass.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 06.ogg Wanderer: Can you return my memories to me?
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 07.ogg Wanderer: I've always believed that human lives follow a set of rules, with each person being a collection of past experiences.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 08.ogg Wanderer: As a puppet living in the human world, my life is subject to the same rules.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 09.ogg Wanderer: I've lived with a void in my chest my whole life. My creator didn't need me, and ever since I awoke, I've just drifted from one place to the next.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 10.ogg Wanderer: But then I met you, and I finally realized that reclaiming my missing sins might be my one opportunity to become my true self.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 11.ogg Wanderer: I've always felt I have an innate tendency to yearn for something more, in a way that goes deeper than for most people... But for all my soul-searching as a shugenja, I've never fully understood it. Looking at it now, it seems that I brought this curse upon myself.
Media:vo llzaq003 19 wanderer 12.ogg Wanderer: So I beg you... grant me this opportunity to gain a purpose. To change my destiny and end my wandering.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: (Traveler), Paimon, how have you been?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: The Balladeer... Hmm. Sounds like some kind of code name.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 03.ogg Nahida: You look troubled... Is there something you need to tell me?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 04.ogg Nahida: (Traveler)?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 05.ogg Nahida: ...That's quite a story.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 06.ogg Nahida: So this puppet known as The Balladeer erased himself from Irminsul... hoping that he could change the past.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 07.ogg Nahida: As (Traveler) said, he very nearly became Sumeru's deity. Admittedly, I remember it a little differently... I don't recall finding anyone inside the machine after we defeated it.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 08.ogg Nahida: Nevertheless, it does make sense. If someone were to successfully erase themselves from Irminsul, the world would change to reflect the new reality.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 09.ogg Nahida: Yes. Theoretically speaking, it is possible to do this, but I'm struggling to imagine the kind of person who would dare go through with it...
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 10a.ogg Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 10b.ogg Nahida: (Traveler) comes from a world beyond Teyvat. That's why there's no information about (him/her) in Irminsul, and it also explains why any changes to Irminsul wouldn't affect (him/her).
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 11.ogg Nahida: So, if there's anyone in the world capable of retaining memories from a past that has been rewritten, it's you. It's... quite incredible, when you think about it.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 12.ogg Nahida: I can only make inferences based on the information we've been given. As for what kind of person he was... only you remember that.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 13.ogg Nahida: Something else worrying you? ...Something that you can't share?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 14.ogg Nahida: ...It couldn't change the fate of the ones who had died. Right?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 15.ogg Nahida: Once The Balladeer realized he hadn't been betrayed after all, it must have completely changed his view of the people of Tatarasuna. Now he saw them as friends again.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 16.ogg Nahida: He couldn't keep hating humans after that. And if he thought there was a chance he could save his old friends, it would be hard not to try.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 17.ogg Nahida: ...The story makes sense, every part of it.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 18.ogg Nahida: The Balladeer tried to achieve godhood with The Doctor's help. He was unsuccessful, but retained the power to connect with Irminsul.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 19.ogg Nahida: That power then enabled him to change what was recorded in Irminsul and erase himself, even though he didn't have much strength left.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 20.ogg Nahida: Please wait a moment. I want to check something.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 21.ogg Nahida: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 22.ogg Nahida: Found it. This should be the one.
(Nahida hands out a floating green orb in a translucent cube)
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 23a.ogg Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 23b.ogg Nahida: It turns out that... I have a strange way of confirming everything (he/she) has told us.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 24.ogg Nahida: A record from my personal collection. It was tucked away in a corner.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 25.ogg Nahida: You should take a look.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 26.ogg Nahida: I authored this record myself.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 27.ogg Nahida: When combined with (Traveler)'s narrative, it's clear that this story is an allegory. Everything in it is a symbol for something else.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 28.ogg Nahida: Yes. Any information about The Balladeer or the kabukimono in other records will have been changed. But I wrote this story in a way that means, it was left intact.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 29.ogg Nahida: Changing the information in Irminsul changes Teyvat.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 30.ogg Nahida: But Irminsul can't change information that was well hidden in advance. I guess I must've written this story as a backup before The Balladeer entered Irminsul.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 31a.ogg Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 31b.ogg Nahida: And sending (Traveler) into Irminsul with The Balladeer must have been a further precaution. I knew (he/she)'d remember everything.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 32.ogg Nahida: This story is abstract enough that it still resonates with the present information recorded in Irminsul.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 33a.ogg Media:vo llzaq003 2 nahida 33b.ogg Nahida: But if we connect all the different pieces together, the true story that emerges is the one (he/she) told us... the now-erased life of The Balladeer.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Nahida, we're here.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 02a.ogg Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 02b.ogg Paimon: Ugh, where to start... Paimon hasn't had a moment's rest this whole time. That night, we ended up chatting and chatting until suddenly, the sun was up... And then, (he/she) decided (he/she) wanted to go to Inazuma.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Hey, what's wrong...? You look so upset.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: But how was he even able to do that?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: So you believe this person really existed, and we just don't remember him because... well, because he literally changed the world?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Paimon's having a hard time understanding this Balladeer guy's motivations... Why did he do it?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Yeah, it does make sense, but... it still ended in tragedy for his friends.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: It just feels so hopeless... He gave everything to do this, but it seems like he got nothing in return.
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: What is it?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Is this a fairy tale? Who wrote it?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Huh? You... wrote a fairytale that somehow has something to do with The Balladeer?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: Hold on, so this record survived from the... past-past?
Media:vo llzaq003 2 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: That's incredible! What a great idea!
Media:vo llzaq003 20 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Have you got all your memories back now?
Media:vo llzaq003 20 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: ...This is trying my patience.
Media:vo llzaq003 20 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: Have you got any more stupid questions!?
Media:vo llzaq003 20 wanderer 03.ogg Wanderer: Ugh, how... how can I fall here!?
Media:vo llzaq003 21 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: The memory recovery seems to have been a success. This dream has served its purpose.
Media:vo llzaq003 21 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: ...It disappeared... Did we win?
Media:vo llzaq003 21 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Ehh, there's that tone of voice again. You're definitely back to your old self...
Media:vo llzaq003 21 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Wait, but it was you inside that thing, too. What have you got to be smug about?
Media:vo llzaq003 21 scaramouche 01.ogg Wanderer: Sorry, I'm harsh on myself and everyone else. Just the way I am.
Media:vo llzaq003 21 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: Imbecile! Get out of my sight!
Media:vo llzaq003 21 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: What did you expect? I'd never lose to that.
Media:vo llzaq003 21 wanderer 03.ogg Wanderer: Haha, you sound like you're concerned about me.
Media:vo llzaq003 21 wanderer 04.ogg Wanderer: But don't worry. Thanks to you, even if I didn't change a thing... at least I now know the truth.
Media:vo llzaq003 21 wanderer 05.ogg Wanderer: Come on. Let's continue this outside.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 14.ogg Nahida: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 15.ogg Nahida: I remember now. This is not just The Balladeer's story... it is his very own memories. I made a backup so that it would be preserved, no matter what happened.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 16.ogg Nahida: To become a god, he was experimented on and modified countless times. It was brutal torture, and the only reason he was able to survive is that he was a puppet.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 17.ogg Nahida: This memory was extracted from him by the scholars. Presumably, they kept it to have something to defend themselves with...
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 18.ogg Nahida: Creating a deity was just the first step. Some of them wanted to be able to control it. That's why they backed up his memory for later use.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 19.ogg Nahida: I buried it deep inside one of my own dreams, and then hid it inside an allegorical story so that it wouldn't be altered.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 20.ogg Nahida: The Balladeer agreed to help me look for information about the Descenders, and although he was unsuccessful, he still helped you.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 21.ogg Nahida: Before he vanished, he confirmed an important detail: that Khaenri'ah was where your twin first came into this world.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 22.ogg Nahida: ...We still don't know how the change to Irminsul will affect the senior ranks of the Fatui, but in all likelihood, they won't even remember their own Harbinger.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 23.ogg Nahida: This is why wisdom alone cannot answer all our questions. We look, we see, and we comprehend, but the question still troubles us.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 24.ogg Nahida: So the answer is not everything. People yearn to find the truth and then conquer the troubles they face.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 25.ogg Nahida: When you give someone the truth, you give them a chance to choose their own destiny.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 26.ogg Nahida: To others looking on, this may seem like a pointless endeavor. But for him, the chance to act on his desire to disappear must have meant a lot.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 27.ogg Nahida: Never forget that even when we walk beneath dark clouds along a road filled with suffering, the light of wisdom is always there, guiding us toward a better destination.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 28.ogg Nahida: And that is what you have been doing all along.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 29a.ogg Media:vo llzaq003 3 nahida 29b.ogg Nahida: Good idea. Paimon, why don't you take (him/her) out for a walk to clear (his/her) head?
Media:vo llzaq003 3 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: We solved it!
Media:vo llzaq003 3 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: It's hard to believe that this person really existed, let alone that he tried to... get rid of us on more than one occasion...
Media:vo llzaq003 3 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Paimon has no memory of him at all. He completely vanished, like a puff of smoke...
Media:vo llzaq003 3 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: It sounds like Paimon wouldn't like this guy a whole lot if he was still around. But still, Paimon doesn't like the way it all ended that much better.
Media:vo llzaq003 3 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Yeah, Nahida's right. Cheer up! How about we go get something to eat? We can pick up this heavy conversation again later!
Media:vo llzaq003 3 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: You got it! C'mon, (Traveler), you need to get out of your head for a while. You'll feel much better after taking a walk.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 01.ogg Merchant: Hey! Hey, wait...!
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 02.ogg Merchant: No, not you! That kid! Didn't you see!? Little rascal grabbed my last two fresh Sunsettias and ran off!
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 03.ogg Merchant: Look. If you're gonna help out here, you can't keep spacing out, okay? What is it, the work's too boring for you? Or has the big city got too many distractions?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 04.ogg Merchant: You're a strange one, kiddo. You say you don't want any money for helping out here, and then when I actually give you some work to do, you keep letting yourself get distracted...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 05.ogg Merchant: I don't want to take advantage, so I'm happy to pay you what I'd pay anyone else, but if you keep acting like this, pretty soon I won't be able to afford to...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 06.ogg Merchant: ...You're welcome, I guess, but I got bigger things to worry about. Look — We're all out of Sunsettias. And I promised the lady down the street I'd deliver a fruit bowl this evening.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 07.ogg Merchant: ...Stop.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 08.ogg Merchant: *sigh* I'm gonna level with you, kiddo. I've never met a worker who said they didn't want a wage before, and at first, I got greedy. Couldn't believe my luck... But I figured you'd start asking for something in return eventually.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 09.ogg Merchant: You don't want money, you don't take days off, and in your free time all I see you do is wander around, taking in the sights... Are you a... a drifter or something?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 10.ogg Merchant: Oh, you really went pick some more... Hmm? Who are these two?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 11.ogg Merchant: ... *sigh*
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 12.ogg Merchant: I was just about to pay you anyway. Go wherever you want, kid. Don't waste your time here.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 13.ogg Merchant: I get it, okay? You just wanted to help me out to thank me for giving you shelter from the rain that day. Even then, I don't understand why you're so adamant that you don't want any pay for it...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 14.ogg Merchant: But look, it was pouring down, and there you were, sauntering along without a care in the world. Like you had nowhere to be, and didn't even care that it was raining...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 15.ogg Merchant: Imagine you were me for a second. It's a little weird, right? Why's this guy traveling during a rainstorm if he's not trying to get somewhere? And why's he taking a shortcut through the open country if he's not even in a hurry?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 16.ogg Merchant: But anyway, taking you in didn't put me out even slightly. You don't owe me a thing for it, certainly not all this... Your time is valuable, y'know? You should go live your life.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 17.ogg Merchant: Don't mention it, kiddo. I've run into all kinds of characters over the years... I just hope you find your path.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 merchant 18.ogg Merchant: (Just an honest guy doing some honest business!)
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Let's go get a snack from one of the stalls in the Grand Bazaar. That'll be sure to lift our spirits!
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: It must be really tough being the only one who remembers all that... But Paimon's always here to help cheer you up.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: We're here~ What should we eat first?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Hey! Are you gonna answer or what?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: *sigh* Alright, whatever you want... Well, Paimon will be right here when you've figured stuff out. Then we can get something to eat.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: What is it? Have you figured it all out?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Uh, why'd you jump up all of a sudden!?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Who's that guy? You know him or something?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: ...He's WHO???
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Hey! What do we do now?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Okay. Stay out of sight — don't let him see you!
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: Even though, as you say, he's The Balladeer... What are we planning on doing, stealing his Sunsettias? Isn't that a bit too cruel?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: Oh, alright...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 14.ogg Paimon: Aah! He spotted us!
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 15.ogg Paimon: Uh, are you absolutely sure?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 16.ogg Paimon: A puppet? What makes you think that?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 17.ogg Paimon: Huh!? You were right! The look on his face...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 18.ogg Paimon: Are you really working for that guy? He said that you don't want any Mora for it. Is that true?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 19.ogg Paimon: That's oddly nice of you...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 paimon 20.ogg Paimon: Then, let's return to the city.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 01.ogg ???: Excuse me, Boss, there seems to be a small problem with the last bill. Look, here...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 02.ogg ???: Hmm? You mean me?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 03.ogg ???: ...I wasn't paying close enough attention. Sorry, Boss.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 04.ogg ???: I think you're right, maybe it's the city. It's so exciting, it can be hard to focus.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 05.ogg ???: No, no, please, I mean it — you don't need to pay me anything. I'm just so thankful you agreed to take on an outsider like me.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 06.ogg ???: Leave it to me, I'll find some more. Just a moment, I'll be right back...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 07.ogg Wanderer: That's right. I am.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 08.ogg Wanderer: We can talk more about that later. First, let me get those fruits you needed — Sunsettias, was it? I'll be right back.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 09.ogg Wanderer: ...Yeah, this'll do.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 10.ogg Wanderer: This should be enough. Umm... Ah, guess I should wash them before I take them back...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 11.ogg Wanderer: Huh...?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 12.ogg Wanderer: You two over there, is there something I can help you with?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 13.ogg Wanderer: You've been following me all the way from the city. I'd have to be blind not to notice.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 14.ogg Wanderer: Uh, have we met before?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 15.ogg Wanderer: No, we haven't met... But you know me?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 16.ogg Wanderer: ...I have no recollection...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 17.ogg Wanderer: Sorry, but I can't just take your word for it.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 18.ogg Wanderer: ...!
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 19.ogg Wanderer: I guess you do know me after all. That is not something I share with a lot of people...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 20.ogg Wanderer: ...Look, I'm just a wanderer. But seeing as you've gone to all this trouble to track me down, I'm sure whatever it is must be important.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 21.ogg Wanderer: Okay, but please let me deliver these goods to my boss first.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 22.ogg Wanderer: Yes. I ran into him out in the wilderness during a storm, and he let me take shelter in his cart. In return, I said I'd be his helper for a while.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 23.ogg Wanderer: Let me take these back, then I'll come with you. Okay?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 24.ogg Wanderer: Here you go, Boss. I'll leave them right here.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 25.ogg Wanderer: Something's come up, and they need to borrow me. Sorry, Boss, I'm afraid I'll be away from the stall for a while.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 26.ogg Wanderer: What?
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 27.ogg Wanderer: Uh...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 28.ogg Wanderer: ...But, I don't...
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 29.ogg Wanderer: ...No. You're right.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 30.ogg Wanderer: Then I suppose this is where we say goodbye. Thank you again for taking me into the city.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 31.ogg Wanderer: ...Thank you.
Media:vo llzaq003 4 wanderer 32.ogg Wanderer: Alright, done. Thanks for waiting for me. We can go now.
Media:vo llzaq003 5 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: (...Time to face the music.)
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: What's wrong?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: Huh? Are you...?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 03.ogg Nahida: You say that you are trekking across Teyvat to train yourself... Many other Inazumans who describe themselves in this way call themselves "shugenja." Why do you refer to yourself as a "wanderer"?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 04.ogg Nahida: I wouldn't call it the "past," but rather... Uh, this is a difficult one to explain.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 05.ogg Nahida: I don't like to rely on using terms like this often, but in your case it seems that it ought to be called a "previous incarnation."
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 06.ogg Nahida: Yes. Something far more distant than the past. So far away that you cannot perceive it.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 07.ogg Nahida: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 08.ogg Nahida: Is truth something you care a lot about?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 09.ogg Nahida: Then I'll be straight with you. In your previous incarnation, you did many things that would be considered evil.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 10.ogg Nahida: You nearly died because of what other people did... and many died because of you. As a non-human being, you hated gods and humans alike.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 11.ogg Nahida: You drifted from place to place, never able to settle, even where you found status and identity. You adamantly believed that you were missing a heart.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 12.ogg Nahida: ...Actions rooted in persistence sometimes bear bitter fruit. Sometimes, you have to let parts of yourself go, or you'll never be happy.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 13.ogg Nahida: In terms of the outcome alone... that's true.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 14.ogg Nahida: That is the nature of truth. If one thing is right, its opposite must be wrong, and yet dichotomies like this are not enough to explain the world in all of its complexity.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 15.ogg Nahida: Yes, it's all true. I can even show you the memories themselves, if you're willing.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 16.ogg Nahida: Even though it will cause your present self great mental anguish?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 17.ogg Nahida: ...Very well. As you wish.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 18.ogg Nahida: (Traveler), could I ask you to supervise him on my behalf?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 nahida 19.ogg Nahida: Thank you. Now, prepare yourselves, everyone.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Nahida! Nahida!
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: We found this guy in the street, but he doesn't seem to remember anything... So yeah, quite an eventful walk!
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Oh, like a past life or something?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Ummm...
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Haha... we're not trying to hurt your feelings, or anything... But yeah, we weren't your biggest fans.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Aah, this is so frustrating! This guy's supposed to be our arch-enemy, but now he's just some random stranger we met on the street!
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: He's got so much to answer for, but we can't make him talk because he doesn't remember anything... Ugh, what a weird situation...
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Wait, shouldn't we go with him!? This one's kind of on us for bringing him here...
Media:vo llzaq003 6 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Oh, good point, given your, um... unique situation, w—we'd better keep an eye on you!
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: ...Hello, I do apologize for the sudden intrusion...
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: Well, it seems more relevant in my case... To me, it sounds like a plant with no roots.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 03.ogg Wanderer: But these two claim that they know me, and that I have a hidden past unknown even to myself.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 04.ogg Wanderer: Okay, I have to ask... what was I like in my previous incarnation?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 05.ogg Wanderer: ...Oh, okay, I see.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 06.ogg Wanderer: You want to tell me, but you can't bring yourselves to say it. Looks like I didn't have the most wonderful existence in my previous incarnation.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 07.ogg Wanderer: If it's that difficult to talk about, I have no doubt it will be just as difficult to hear.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 08.ogg Wanderer: But I'll be able to handle it. Please, tell me the truth.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 09.ogg Wanderer: ...Yes.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 10.ogg Wanderer: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 11.ogg Wanderer: I gave everything I had, but it barely changed history at all.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 12.ogg Wanderer: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 13.ogg Wanderer: ...I don't think I can judge everything I've heard purely in terms of right and wrong.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 14.ogg Wanderer: Each choice a person makes belongs to a specific place and time, a chain of cause and effect... a cycle of karma and consequence.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 15.ogg Wanderer: Seems like my previous incarnation wasn't the most likable individual.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 16.ogg Wanderer: If we were enemies, why are you trying to help me find the truth?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 17.ogg Wanderer: Lesser Lord Kusanali. As the God of Wisdom, I trust that everything you told me must be true?
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 18.ogg Wanderer: Please. I want to see them for myself. I want to experience my own transgressions.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 19.ogg Wanderer: I'm just a puppet, with no heart and no name. There is nothing in this world for me to cling to, to fill the void within me... except maybe these sins that can never be undone.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 20.ogg Wanderer: Don't worry. Whatever danger I might face, it's my burden to bear.
Media:vo llzaq003 6 wanderer 21.ogg Wanderer: Understood.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 katsuragi 01.ogg Katsuragi: This place is huge... I can't believe the landslide didn't fill it in. I wonder who built it? The Crystal Marrow miners?
Media:vo llzaq003 8 katsuragi 02.ogg Katsuragi: ...No, there's no way. Look at this exquisite construction work, and so well-preserved, too... No mining crew would be capable of this.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 katsuragi 03.ogg Katsuragi: ...Hmm? There's someone passed out on the ground...
Media:vo llzaq003 8 katsuragi 04.ogg Katsuragi: Y—You're awake!? What happened? How'd you get stuck here? Are you injured?
Media:vo llzaq003 8 katsuragi 05.ogg Katsuragi: Huh, not a scratch... and these fine clothes... Who are you...
Media:vo llzaq003 8 katsuragi 06.ogg Katsuragi: Let me get you out of here. Our people are nearby. Hang in there!
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 01.ogg Nahida: Right now, you're in a dream I created using information extracted from your memories.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 02.ogg Nahida: These memories will show you the raw truth, but be aware that enemies may react just like in the real world. Please be careful.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 03.ogg Nahida: Wanderer, this is the Shakkei Pavilion. In your Balladeer incarnation, this is where the Electro Archon placed you after your creation. You had a great many memories here.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 04.ogg Nahida: You could say that, in a sense... You'll see why shortly.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 05.ogg Nahida: This man is Katsuragi, deputy to Torachiyo's adopted son, Mikoshi Nagamasa. He found The Balladeer in Shakkei Pavilion and took him back to Tatarasuna.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 06.ogg Nahida: In the original version of events, Katsuragi was ultimately killed by Nagamasa.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 07.ogg Nahida: During the Tatarasuna incident, Niwa was murdered by The Doctor, disguised as a mechanic. The Balladeer, then known as the kabukimono, disappeared not long after.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 08.ogg Nahida: As the second-in-command at Tatarasuna, responsibility for what had happened fell to Mikoshi Nagamasa.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 nahida 09.ogg Nahida: But Katsuragi had sworn lifelong loyalty to Nagamasa after the latter had once saved his life. At Katsuragi's insistence, Nagamasa killed him to put an end to the Tatarasuna incident.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: This looks like Inazuma...
Media:vo llzaq003 8 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Sounds like an immersive experience. It's a good thing we came along...
Media:vo llzaq003 8 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: We never give up halfway. Well, we had to once... But that was your doing.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Is that because this is kind of like his birthplace?
Media:vo llzaq003 8 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: ...And the rest is history... Well, it used to be...
Media:vo llzaq003 8 scaramouche 01.ogg ???: ...Who are you?
Media:vo llzaq003 8 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: ...You don't need to do this for me. I don't deserve your protection.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: Alright, thanks.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 wanderer 03.ogg Wanderer: ...I hear footsteps.
Media:vo llzaq003 8 wanderer 04.ogg Wanderer: ...
Media:vo llzaq003 9 katsuragi 01.ogg Katsuragi: Nagamasa, I found this young guy in a cave sealed off by a landslide. He doesn't remember his name.
Media:vo llzaq003 9 mikoshinagamasa 01.ogg Mikoshi Nagamasa: ...Well, we need to call you something. I hear the workers are calling you "the kabukimono"?
Media:vo llzaq003 9 mikoshinagamasa 02.ogg Mikoshi Nagamasa: Katsuragi, report to Niwa. Tell him we have someone new joining us.
Media:vo llzaq003 9 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Katsuragi seems like he was a good guy.
Media:vo llzaq003 9 scaramouche 01.ogg Kabukimono: That's fine with me.
Media:vo llzaq003 9 wanderer 01.ogg Wanderer: He looks like a warrior, but he has a kind face.
Media:vo llzaq003 9 wanderer 02.ogg Wanderer: ...Why couldn't he live a long and happy life?
Mikoshi Nagamasa turned slowly, his face grave as one attending a funeral. He spoke then, his words heavy-laden: "I wish not to say such words, Katsuragi... But Sir Miyazaki may never return."
Miyazaki had been the first to set sail. The clouds had only just begun to form then. Traveling from Tatarasuna to Inazuma to ask for support was normally no great feat, and yet, there had been no sign of his return.
Miyazaki handed a well-bundled text to Niwa as he adjusted his expression is said: "It is as you have said, sir. The elders of your clan in the city do not think highly of our plan. Yet I still believe it to be worth a try. As such, I have found the proper vendors and procured the materials that you requested."
Miyazaki hid his grin. Upon hearing this, Niwa released the lizard from his hand into Katsuragi's palm. But just as more words were to be exchanged, someone came walking nearby, their footsteps steady and confident. The head that appeared by the door was that of one from abroad. The newcomer placed some lunchboxes to one side, nodded, and made to leave. Katsuragi called out after him. "Sir, what about your meal? Are you not hungry?"
Miyazaki smiled like a young man taking the first steps on their journey, expression relaxed. "Why Katsuragi, Inazuma is the realm of the Almighty Shogun. I sailed upon the fastest ship, strode upon the swiftest sea routes. What dangers could I have possibly faced?"
Miyazaki: Nagamasa will be thrilled
Miyazaki: What a fine blade!
Nagamasa bellowed in fury: "You dare address Sir Niwa directly?" Yet, the figure parted like mist before his falling blade, only to re-materialize beyond reach but not beyond sight — a ghastly apparition indeed.
Nahida tells the Wanderer about his past...
Nahida: Now... take this
Nahida: You have made your decision
Naught but half an arm was left of the one who had cried out for help, and with a "plop," it landed at the mechanic's feet, who crouched to better study the object, straining against the urge to take a bite.
Niwa smiled, replying: "And how goes the forging of your lord's great blade, Katsuragi?"
Niwa studied the text and nodded. "We should try some of these new forging techniques, whether Kaedehara says yea or nay."
Niwa was gone, and none could find him. Afterward, Nagamasa led a search party into the mountains and the area around the furnace, all to no avail. Folk began to wonder if Niwa might have encountered an accident, but worry soon turned to suspicion, and they wondered if he had fled, unwilling to bear the sin of having caused these incidents.
Niwa: You're a human as far as I'm concerned
None passed him by, and none knew what he was plotting.
Now, the flames of a forge are unlike any other, for their intensity affects the resulting integrity of both metal and blade. So too, then, was the flame-watcher an unusual individual. At his fingertips sat a lizard, and on his face he wore a smile.
Outbound, a fishing boat drew near, the lights of its bow flickering in and out of sight beneath falling sheets of rain. A mist unspooled across the area, stealing sight from the fisherman. Repeatedly, he exclaimed: "It is but dusk. How are my eyes darkened? Is there anyone that can deliver my boat upon safe tides?"
Over ten people had already perished. That was why... Why...
Paimon: Balladeer!?
Paimon: Hey! Are you done yet!?
Paimon: Is he alright...?
Paimon: No way!
Rumi once mentioned in "Haply Hidden Tales of Tatarasuna" (hereafter known as "Hidden Tales") that in the past, researchers from Sumeru had investigated the cultural histories of Tatarasuna and Inazuma. Though the place has fallen into some degree of disrepair since the "Hidden Tales" were written, things have improved since the time when I wrote my original article. Regardless, what used to be an area of major industry remains a place most inhospitable, and residents of Tatarasuna may be found living and dwelling by the waters. The residents, when questioned, told the researchers of Tatarasuna's golden age centuries ago, when it was administered by Armory Officer Niwa, Vice Armory Officer Miyazaki, and Inspector Mikoshi Nagamasa. Yet, the elders among the locals with deeper ties to the region also seemed to stress the fact that there were strange rumors surrounding their homeland's past.
Strange notes from the Tatarasuna area. Their contents are as follows:
Subordinate — Katsuragi
Suddenly, a figure flashed by. Their presence did not go unnoticed by Nagamasa. He drew his blade and cut, but in a flash, the evil spirit had shifted behind him, laughing darkly: "Are you seeking someone, my lord? Niwa, perhaps?"
Sunset fell to the accompaniment of darkness. The bands of twilight showed themselves naught, for in their place did thunderclouds roil, grumbling the omens of a coming rainstorm.
Surprisingly, the information is presented to you in a way that resembles a fairy tale...
The Isle of Darkling Clouds
The Mechanic
The man barked a cheerful greeting and sprinted to join the procession. There, a towering character who stood half a head taller greeted him with a heavy slap on the back, and yet, his words were filled with respect: "Do my eyes deceive me? Sir Miyazaki! I cannot think that the return trip here from Inazuma City could have been easy on you."
The man smiled upon hearing Katsuragi's words. "I already ate. I hope that you, my lords, may also find time to sate your hunger soon."
The man smiled, as if it was no matter. Then, with a nod, he departed.
The people grew ever more suspicious, and Nagamasa himself strained against his discontent and fury. His face had grown to resemble the rumbling clouds above.
The seven notes mentioned prior have been scattered across the Tatarasuna area. Among the seven notes, six seem to be of good physical integrity, though they all look quite old, while the last one looks more recent. I believe that the first six notes and the last are of different time periods, though the gulf in years between them needs to be verified. The contents of the first six should also be related to each other, as the incidents mentioned are quite consistent with one another.
The stranger, a foreign mechanic, stood next to the coast.
The successor of the Mikoshi Clan, adopted son to oni warrior Mikoshi Chiyo, and the younger adopted brother to Mikoshi Michihiro, also known as "Iwakura the Successor." With his mother missing and abandoned by his brother, Nagamasa alone bore the family name, striving daily to wipe the shame from their history. Though records state that Mikoshi Nagamasa was a stubborn figure, he was also noted to be a person of moral virtue and integrity. It has been noted in various records that he practiced forging swords for self-cultivation, and specially requested special instruction from Miyazaki to further his capabilities. However, after the famous blade, Daitatara Nagamasa, was forged, he used it to slay his subordinate, Katsuragi, for reasons unknown at present.
The workshop was huge, and the furnace was deeper within. A reasonable person might think that there should have been many working alongside the watcher, yet he stood alone. Only when Katsuragi and Miyazaki strode into the room did the watcher turn.
Then a second ship was sent, followed by a third, and a fourth... Each who left to seek salvation did so under foul skies and bleak fortunes. Reason dictated that they should not have risked anyone else, but the situation in Tatarasuna was severe. They needed to gain aid from Inazuma, even should it cost them more lives.
There once was one named The Balladeer, created by the Electro Archon. He was a puppet who lived among men.
This watcher was Niwa, Armory Officer and administrator of Tatarasuna. Born to the Niwa Clan, which served as one of the three pillars of the Isshin Art, Niwa never argued with his siblings and was a worthy successor by all accounts. The post he received as a result of his high standing with those in power served as a statement unto itself.
Time passed, unmeasured and uncounted, till a black cloud suddenly tore free from the sky and began to circle the mechanic, bearing down on him like an omen. He then caressed the dark mist, as if it was a part of his flesh.
Vice Armory Officer — Miyazaki
Wanderer: ...This won't be the end!
Wanderer: Aah...!
Wanderer: All worthless dross will be purged
Wanderer: Argh! It's...
Wanderer: Die!
Wanderer: That's why...
Wanderer: This is... my...
With a heavy heart, you piece back together the story that was broken and scattered across time...
With no trust for humans, and only loathing for the gods,he bore his grudge for years as he grew in strength, then returned to Inazuma to take his revenge.He tried in vain to become a deity with a Gnosis, and ended up losing everything.
Yae Miko: Set him free?
Yet, he did not, for the dark clouds swirling down had already picked the remnants of the ship clean.
You tell Lesser Lord Kusanali what happened in the Grand Bazaar...
You tell the two writers what you learned about the Raiden Gokaden and Tatarasuna's history...