 ...
 Ahem...
 Alrani?
 And you are...?
 Aren't you the Treasure Hoarders...?
 But...
 Excuse me...
 Freaked out by a young lady...
 Greetings. About Alrani...
 How much did she pay you?
Narzam: No small amount. She said she earned that by making some "fertilizers." Don't know what's that. Don't care.
Narzam: Anyways, she paid us, and we'll help her for now. That's it.
 How was Alrani at Akademiya?
Niloofar: She was quite a diligent kid. Though she always chased weird dead ends...
Niloofar: She is more than qualified as a student, and I believe she will be so as a researcher.
 I don't think so.
Paimon: What have you done to Miss Alrani? Spill!
Paimon: Or... Or we will kick your butt!
 I'll ask Alrani for that.
 I'll help look for Alrani.
Paimon: That's right! We'll start from where they found the notebook!
 Is it hard for students to get their papers passed at Akademiya?
Niloofar: To be honest, yes.
Niloofar: Paper review is complicated. You have to take into account your research focus, how extensive the references are...
Niloofar: Also you should keep in mind any overlap or conflict between others' papers and your own. After your thesis proposal is submitted, you'll still bump into all kinds of difficulties.
Niloofar: *sigh* But I have to say, she's exceptionally unlucky...
 It's good to see that you're alright.
 Niloofar told us about your paper.
 Quest DescriptionYou see an anxious person near the Akademiya...
 She took that very seriously.
 She'd been working hard on it.
 So did you do what she asked?
 So you do have Alrani with you.
 That was nice of your big sis...
 The Sakoku Decree!
 The Treasure Hoarders...
 Ugh... Candle light?
 We can talk about that later.
 What do you mean?
 What exactly is she up to?
 What have you done to Alrani?
Paimon: Tell us what you know! Or... Or we'll kick your butt!
 What is this... outlaw riddler?
 Where is it?
Paimon: We'll help look for Miss Alrani!
 Why are you being so...
Narzam: "Good" to Alrani?
Narzam: Don't get me wrong. I do this for three simple reasons. First, Alrani has paid me for staying here.
Narzam: Second, I take only money, not lives. I'd ruin my reputation if I ditched her into the wild.
Narzam: Third, she's a learned lady who has a bright future.
Narzam: Being able to help her a little bit would give some credit to us Treasure Hoarders I guess? Hmph...
 You are... her mentor?
 You are...?
 You were actually being nice to her...
 You're not making any sense...
???: Alrani! Are you gonna come out of the cage or what!?
???: Hmm? Oh, you are...
???: Hmph...
???: You're stubborn, annoyingly stubborn...
Alrani writes down the note while weeping...
Alrani: *panting*
Alrani: *sob*... I wrote on the subject first! It's not fair!
Alrani: *sob*... No... I'd rather be locked up here. *sob*
Alrani: *sob*... Why would anyone invent papers? *sob*...
Alrani: Hey! I've paid you!
Alrani: I might even get caught by some weird people, or run into peculiar monsters. Then there would be no time for me to finish my paper and I'd miss the paper defense... again.
Alrani: I paid Narzam to protect me. No one's gonna force me to work on that paper!
Alrani: I won't go back anyway. It's just new subjects and field research there. I'll have restless days and nights...
Alrani: I've paid you for this. Can't you leave me be!?
Alrani: I... I quit! Papers, Akademiya... I'm done with all of it! Only fools write papers! Akademiya can do whatever they want!
Alrani: If I hadn't stayed in Inazuma for too long, my paper would have passed...
Alrani: No! No researcher, no academy anymore!
Alrani: There you go. *sob*... Why would anyone invent papers? *sob*...
Alrani: Traveler, please send a message to Ms. Niloofar for me. I'll write you a note. I don't want to go back, please...
Alrani: Tr—Traveler! *sob*...
Gobley: Ah! Please, don't do this. We can talk!
Gobley: Ahem... The lady's over there, see her yourself if you don't believe me. Big sis must be soothing her now...
Gobley: As we were making plans in the camp, we saw a young lady carrying a huge bag coming towards the camp.
Gobley: At last, big sis asked us to make a cage with branches and let her in.
Gobley: Before we got ready to make our move on her, she just plopped down beside the campfire, weeping and throwing a bunch of books into the fire...
Gobley: If you can take the lady out of here, we'd be more than willing to repay you!
Gobley: It's a long story...
Gobley: No one would dare touch her at first... But she wouldn't eat or drink and just kept asking us to lock her up.
Gobley: No, no, please... Please listen to me. You got it all wrong...
Gobley: Please, have mercy! This is all just a big misunderstanding!
Gobley: Seemed to us she'd lost her soul. Freaked us all out.
Gobley: She got us more puzzled before we even realized what was going on. She threw a bag of Mora and asked us to lock her up.
Gobley: Someone's coming over here? They can't be here for the girl... right?
Gobley: Sure we are, but it's not like we kill people. We just pick and steal...
Gobley: That was really spooky...
Gobley: We happened to be short of money some time ago, so we and our big sis were expecting to fill our wallet.
Gobley: We wouldn't dare mess with her. We are no match for her!
Gobley: Well, big sis always has respect for learned folks. She says she'd want to go to school one day...
Gobley: Well... We are Treasure Hoarders... That's kinda what we do...
Narzam: "Good" to Alrani?
Narzam: Anything else?
Narzam: Anyways, she paid us, and we'll help her for now. That's it.
Narzam: Being able to help her a little bit would give some credit to us Treasure Hoarders I guess? Hmph...
Narzam: Besides... Hmph, I finally found someone who is educated. She'd be very useful here.
(Obtain A Note Alrani Left for Niloofar)
Narzam: Don't get me wrong. I do this for three simple reasons. First, Alrani has paid me for staying here.
Narzam: For what? It's not even enough to pay for our food for a few more days.
Narzam: I know you, Traveler. You've been active around here lately.
Narzam: I'm Narzam. What I do... Hmph, you must've known it. I'll cut to the chase.
Narzam: If you've got a commission to bring the girl back, you can give it a go. I won't stop you.
Narzam: No need to worry if we will hurt her. It's like what she said, she's paid me.
Narzam: No small amount. She said she earned that by making some "fertilizers." Don't know what's that. Don't care.
Narzam: Okay... Calm down. No one is taking you away for now.
Narzam: Second, I take only money, not lives. I'd ruin my reputation if I ditched her into the wild.
Narzam: Third, she's a learned lady who has a bright future.
Niloofar: *sigh* But I have to say, she's exceptionally unlucky...
Niloofar: Alrani came back all excited from Inazuma with a paper a while ago, which was about the folk culture of Watatsumi Island...
Niloofar: Alrani is my student. She's been struggling with her thesis...
Niloofar: Alrani, where did you go...
Niloofar: Also you should keep in mind any overlap or conflict between others' papers and your own. After your thesis proposal is submitted, you'll still bump into all kinds of difficulties.
Niloofar: Are you the Adventurers sent by the Adventurers' Guild!? Did you find Alrani?
Niloofar: Be that as I am, I now devote most of my energy to teaching students on research.
Niloofar: But she can't stay there forever. I have to figure out a way to help her with her paper...
Niloofar: But... she submitted the paper too late! I asked her to send me the first draft in advance, but I never heard back.
Niloofar: By the time she came back with the full version of her paper, someone had submitted one with exactly the same topic, which had already passed the preliminary review!
Niloofar: Haha. Anyway, Narzam escorted my mentor back to the city and they practically had a goodbye in decorum.
Niloofar: Her question was: "What quickly fills an empty room?"
Niloofar: I could tell. That paper is well written, and of a high standard in every respect...
Niloofar: I know I've been pressing and I'm sorry for that. But she really worries me...
Niloofar: I tried in every way to get her to pass the review, but she still didn't make it...
Niloofar: I wouldn't be so worried if Alrani is with her.
Niloofar: I'll mark the location of the notebook on the map for you.
Niloofar: I'm Niloofar, researcher at the Akademiya... You could tell, right?
Niloofar: I've no idea how to break the news to her... I was going to think of a gentler way to let her know.
Niloofar: I... I don't know what to do... *sob*
Niloofar: If you solve her problem, she will give back everything she looted, plus escorting [sic] you back to the city.
Niloofar: Literature, Elements, all sorts of stuff. Even brain teasers.
Niloofar: My mentor answered, "Elements are everywhere."
Niloofar: Narzam? How...
Niloofar: No one knows. I know this because my mentor once met her in the wild.
Niloofar: Not personally. I heard someone mention her as some weird Treasure Hoarder.
Niloofar: Oh, and your payment...
Niloofar: Paper review is complicated. You have to take into account your research focus, how extensive the references are...
Niloofar: Please be safe, Alrani...
Niloofar: Really? I can't thank you enough!
Niloofar: She is more than qualified as a student, and I believe she will be so as a researcher.
Niloofar: She was quite a diligent kid. Though she always chased weird dead ends...
Niloofar: She... went missing...
Niloofar: So you are the Traveler Alrani keeps talking about...
Niloofar: Thank you very much. I'll be waiting here for news from the Adventurers' Guild.
Niloofar: The Adventurers should still be searching for her everywhere...
Niloofar: Then a motor mouth out of nowhere just spilled it all to her.
Niloofar: Then she went missing. I turned every stone in the Akademiya, and she was nowhere to be found. So I went to the Adventurers' Guild and put out a commission.
Niloofar: They found nothing but Alrani's notebook at a place, and there was no sign of her.
Niloofar: They say she would ask her victims a question when she plunders them.
Niloofar: To be honest, yes.
Niloofar: Traveler! Did you find Alrani?
Niloofar: You are not Adventurers? I'm so sorry. I haven't got any news from them. I'm so worried...
Paimon: According to Niloofar, the notebook should be nearby. Let's look around.
Paimon: Ah, this isn't the time for this. What happened to Miss Alrani?
Paimon: But the woman there seems really nervous... let's go ask her about it.
Paimon: Calm now... Do you still want to finish your paper?
Paimon: Eh... Eh...
Paimon: Eh? Are they Treasure Hoarders there?
Paimon: Girl... Did he mean Miss Alrani!? Don't let them get away!
Paimon: He—Hello there...
Paimon: Huh, Paimon remembers the name... The young lady who's always writing her thesis? The one we met at Watatsumi Island.
Paimon: If Alrani did return to the Akademiya, we might as well stop by and say hello.
Paimon: It's wind! Is Paimon right? It must be wind!
Paimon: Let's leave her here while we take this note back to Niloofar.
Paimon: Miss Alrani said she had to rewrite many of her papers because they were disapproved by her mentor...
Paimon: Miss Alrani, you really are here...
Paimon: Miss Alrani... She seems very unstable right now...
Paimon: Oh no...
Paimon: Or... Or we will kick your butt!
Paimon: Pfft, you mean stealing and robbing again.
Paimon: Right, she said she left Akademiya for some materials. She should have been back now.
Paimon: So she's a weirdo...
Paimon: Talk about what! You jerk!
Paimon: Tell us what you know! Or... Or we'll kick your butt!
Paimon: That's cheating!
Paimon: That's right! We'll start from where they found the notebook!
Paimon: Ugh...
Paimon: Wait... Inazuma...
Paimon: We'll help look for Miss Alrani!
Paimon: What have you done to Miss Alrani? Spill!
Paimon: Whoa, take it easy. We are not from the Adventurers' Guild. Just passing by.
Paimon: Why's that? Miss Alrani started forming ideas for her papers long ago. How come it took so long...
Paimon: Yes, but...
Paimon: You know her?
You tell Niloofar what happened and hand her the note...
You tell the story of what you've been through with Alrani...