
(Obtain Unsigned Note)

Paimon: Ooh! The box is open! It's surprisingly easy.
 Let me see...
 The box could have something to do with those two Fatui...
Paimon: Umm, anyway... Let's see what it has first.
Paimon: Looks like... there're only some worn clothes and a stack of letters.
Paimon: It says...
Paimon: "To the south of Devantaka Mountain, the old ship leaves port."
Paimon: What does that mean? How can there be a ship in the mountain?
 Maybe it's some kind of code...
 The Fatui must be plotting something.
Paimon: Well... we'll just have to figure it out.

Paimon: There're some... worn clothes and a stack of letters.
 What does the letter say?
Paimon: Let Paimon see...
Paimon: It says "To the south of Devantaka Mountain, the old ship leaves port."
Paimon: What does that mean? How can there be a ship in the mountain?
 Maybe it's the clue to some treasures.
 Maybe it leads to a treasure trove.
Paimon: And we don't know who left the box here.
Paimon: Anyway, let's go take a look!
 Alexandra!
 Aren't you afraid I'd back out?
Przheva: Then we'll fight as hard as we can, and in the end... die at your hands.
Przheva: It sounds much like our original plan, right?
 You'd better have enough money.
Przheva: Of course, it'll be a very generous amount.
 But what you did was for saving the kid...
 But you are not evil...
 Did you set this trap for me?
Przheva: Relax. We wouldn't have had time for that.
 I'll be right back.
 I'll go have a look.
 I'll help.
Przheva: Thank you, Traveler. You will get rich rewards.
 Just sounds like how the Fatui would end up.
Przheva: Right. The pawns in the Fatui out there collecting intel normally end up like this.
Przheva: We made this plan just because we don't want to be one of them.
 Leave it to me.
 Let me see...
 Let's follow!
 Maybe it leads to a treasure trove.
 Maybe it's some kind of code...
 Maybe it's the clue to some treasures.
 Please take care of Nika!
 Przheva!
 Quest DescriptionYou meet two strange oddballs in Sumeru City...
 So you knew from the beginning...
 So you said all those things just for me to hear?
 Someone's under attack over there!
 That's right.
 The Fatui must be plotting something.
 The box could have something to do with those two Fatui...
 Then what about your plan...
 Then what do you do now?
 They...
 They... are not bad...
 We should save Alexandra first!
 Well crafted, I have to say.
Przheva: For the story to make sense and our failure to seem more natural, I've put a lot of thought into it.
 What do you want?
 What does the letter say?
 What if I hadn't come here today...
Przheva: Then we would go back and suspend the plan until you come.
Przheva: We've been planning this for so long. It wouldn't hurt to wait a bit longer.
 What made you so sure that I would come here?
Przheva: I wasn't sure whether you would come, but I would wait until you come.
Przheva: Patience is one of the few strengths I have.
 Why are you here?
 You found me?
 You'd better have enough money.
???: Alexandra! Alexandra! *sob*...
Alexandra: *cough*... It's... It's okay, Nika... I'm fine...
Alexandra: ...But if we miss this chance to get out of the Fatui, I'd rather... ahem, *coughing*!!
Alexandra: ...Sorry, someone must have opened the box. I'm afraid our plan...
Alexandra: Ahem... Sorry, Przheva, I'm not cut out for this job...
Alexandra: And Przheva helped others with hunting and handling prey...
Alexandra: And don't worry, the money is earned by doing serious work. I can assure you!
Alexandra: But getting away is far from easy. If we get caught, there will be... serious consequences.
Alexandra: But our "death" must be proved by someone who is convincing.
Alexandra: But their parents are always away from home, I just...
Alexandra: But... what about the old stuff that have been replaced?
Alexandra: I'm fine, Traveler... Ahem... I can take it...
Alexandra: I'm... gonna take a rest here. I will be back if I'm feeling any better...
Alexandra: I... I cooked dinner for those kids, sewed clothes, told stories, and took them out...
Alexandra: If we manage to leave the Fatui, we will make a living out of these skills! And...
Alexandra: I—I know, but...
Alexandra: I—Is that okay?
Alexandra: Listen, Nika... The Traveler will take you back... ahem...
Alexandra: Maybe... Maybe it was Nika? Those kids have been badgering me to take them out to play...
Alexandra: Oh... right! Okay...
Alexandra: So we thought up a plan to fake death in an attempt to escape.
Alexandra: Sorry... ahem... Przheva...
Alexandra: The old cargo ship has just been unloaded. Don't worry.
Alexandra: Traveler, please take good care of him...
Alexandra: We don't have any helpers. Can the plan... work? I mean, what if the higher-ups found out about us...
Alexandra: When did I ever lie to you? Ahem... Just be a good boy, will you?
Alexandra: Yes, all hidden somewhere safe and secret.
Berat takes Nika and leaves...
Berat: Ahem, anyway... Traveler, I say we go back to the city first. I'll report this to my superior and follow his order.
Berat: Alexandra? What's she doing here?
Berat: But there's only me here. The monsters are one thing, and what if there're other Fatui here...
Berat: I didn't know this errand could take that long... How exhausting...
Berat: I mean, I've heard plenty of shady deals of the Fatui.
Berat: I thought they were good folks when dealing with them...
Berat: Maybe they were just scheming something and using saving Nika as a cover-up?
Berat: Nika told me the whole story. I'm so surprised that Alexandra and Przheva are Fatui members.
Berat: Nika, if I wasn't here alone, I promise I would search the whole forest out.
Berat: Nika, tell me what happened in detail...
Berat: Nika... and Traveler, what are you doing here?
Berat: One of them is wounded... so according to my experience, the monsters must have... well...
Berat: Stop crying, Nika. What happened?
Berat: Stop shouting! You will only attract the monsters!
Berat: Umm, but they are Fatui! Who knows if they are just acting nice but actually with ulterior motives?
Berat: Wait! Who's there!
Berat: What? What did you mean? Wait a moment!
Berat: You don't know about that. And it's not like we can find them...
Nika: *sob*... Alexandra...
Nika: *sob*... Alexandra... I will never make any trouble again...
Nika: *sobbing*... I'm sorry...
Nika: *whimper*... Okay...
Nika: Alexandra is a good person! Przheva is tough... but also a good person!
Nika: Alexandra once took us here and picked all those delicious mushrooms, and I thought I'd pick some myself.
Nika: Alexandra, where are you going? Please come back with us! Everyone is looking for you!
Nika: Alexandra... looks so sad these days...
Nika: Berat! Could you keep looking? Please!!
Nika: B—But I got lost in the woods, and before I knew it, I was surrounded by so many mushrooms.
Nika: B—But...
Nika: I'm... I'm here to pick mushrooms... *sob*...
Nika: So we talked about cooking something great to surprise her.
Nika: To save me, Alexandra... Alexandra... *sob*
Paimon "...My sincere gratitude, Traveler."
Paimon "...The old ship left with a half-load of cargo..."
Paimon But where could they go in that old rustbucket?
Paimon Look! There really is a letter here! Open it up!
Paimon That's all there is to the letter. They must've already left.
Paimon W—We are running out of time! Please watch Nika for a while!
Paimon: "To the south of Devantaka Mountain, the old ship leaves port."
Paimon: Alexandra should be around here. Where... Where are they?
Paimon: And we don't know who left the box here.
Paimon: Anyway, let's go take a look!
Paimon: But did they... manage to get away?
Paimon: Hey! Wait! Where are you going!?
Paimon: His response is just as Przheva expected...
Paimon: It says "To the south of Devantaka Mountain, the old ship leaves port."
Paimon: It says...
Paimon: Leaving? Do they mean... leaving Sumeru?
Paimon: Let Paimon see...
Paimon: Let's go take a look if we have time.
(Quest ends)
Paimon: Look... Somebody's coming this way!
Paimon: Looks like... there're only some worn clothes and a stack of letters.
Paimon: Okay. But be careful. They are the Fatui after all!
Paimon: Ooh! The box is open! It's surprisingly easy.
Paimon: Przheva said if they managed to leave, they would leave a letter at the place where they were.
Paimon: S—So many monsters! Ugh, why are these monsters showing up at this time!?
Paimon: The south of Devantaka Mountain... That's a huge area.
Paimon: The view is good here. Let's wait and see if there's anyone coming.
Paimon: There're some... worn clothes and a stack of letters.
Paimon: There's not much we can do now. Let's head back.
Paimon: These two... want to leave the Fatui?
Paimon: Umm, anyway... Let's see what it has first.
Paimon: Wait, Paimon heard someone over there!
Paimon: Well... we'll just have to figure it out.
Paimon: What does that mean? How can there be a ship in the mountain?
Paimon: What happened...
Paimon: Where are you!
Paimon: Y—You Fatui really are something...
Przheva: "The evil Fatui eating their own bitter fruit" is much more acceptable.
Przheva: (Blond/Blonde) hair... and a strange Seelie. You must be the "Traveler" mentioned in the report.
Przheva: *sigh*... That's why I told you not to get too close to those folks, unless necessary.
Przheva: ...
Przheva: ...Did you close that deal?
Przheva: ...Good thing this kid didn't have the mood to listen to what we just said. No need to worry about him.
Przheva: ...Looks like there's a change of the plan.
Przheva: Alexandra sustained serious injuries, and other Fatui must have noticed that we left the town without permission. If I take her back now, we will only get arrested for inspection.
Przheva: Alexandra, you go take care of that.
Przheva: And Traveler, please follow me.
Przheva: And you, out of indignation or righteousness, try to stop us.
Przheva: Anyway, it's all up to you, Traveler.
Przheva: As the wind blew just now, the bush you were hiding in swayed differently from the one next to it.
Przheva: As you heard, Alexandra and I want to get away from the Fatui.
Przheva: Being a Fatuus, one could only spend the rest of their life in the distrust from others.
Przheva: Being outnumbered by the monsters, you have no choice but to pull back. When you are back with helpers, Alexandra and I are already gone.
Przheva: But why hasn't Alexandra returned by now? Just setting up some lures for monsters doesn't take that long.
Przheva: Don't say that.
Przheva: Don't talk. I'll patch you up.
Przheva: Enough, Alexandra! That's too much information!
Przheva: For the story to make sense and our failure to seem more natural, I've put a lot of thought into it.
Przheva: Forget it. Either way, we're leaving here today.
Przheva: Hehe, someone has shown up after all.
Przheva: Hehe... Just go along with it and see what will happen.
Przheva: I happened to see a group of the Eremites heading this way on my way here.
Przheva: I wasn't sure whether you would come, but I would wait until you come.
Przheva: I'm surprised that Alexandra's trick actually worked.
Przheva: If we come under attack by the monsters... well, it serves us right.
Przheva: If your answer is yes, we'll give you a handsome amount of rewards in return.
Przheva: It sounds much like our original plan, right?
Przheva: Just as Alexandra and I are about to run, a group of monsters appears and strikes us down.
Przheva: Just throw them away. With the new cargo in hand, the old stuff is of no use.
Przheva: Living in fear, never to be trusted for a single second...
Przheva: Of course, it'll be a very generous amount.
Przheva: Patience is one of the few strengths I have.
Przheva: Relax. We wouldn't have had time for that.
Przheva: Remember our plan? Looks like now we have to do it for real.
Przheva: Remember the place where you eavesdropped on Alexandra and me for the first time? If... we manage to get away, I will leave a letter there.
Przheva: Right. The pawns in the Fatui out there collecting intel normally end up like this.
Przheva: Shoot! Alexandra must be in trouble!
Przheva: Since you're here, I assume you have checked the stuff in the box.
Przheva: Stop looking at me like that. For your information, we're neither higher-ups in power nor front-line soldiers.
Przheva: Stop worrying... Haven't you had enough yet?
Przheva: Thank you, Traveler.
Przheva: Thank you, Traveler. You will get rich rewards.
Przheva: That's the plan. What do you think?
Przheva: The Eremites must think that two evil Fatui are doing something evil here, and that saving Nika is just a cover-up.
Przheva: The ship didn't leak, right? And about the cargo... All hidden?
Przheva: Then it's a deal. Now let's go separate ways and get ready.
Przheva: Then we would go back and suspend the plan until you come.
Przheva: Then we'll fight as hard as we can, and in the end... die at your hands.
Przheva: There are plenty of people like us, but... most of them won't get any orders all their lives.
Przheva: This is the place, Traveler. Listen, it's a simple plan.
Przheva: Today is our last chance to get away from the Fatui!
Przheva: Traveler, join me and defeat the monsters first!
Przheva: Traveler, now that we've told you the whole story, it's your choice if you want to help.
Przheva: Traveler, you are such a notorious figure for the Fatui, and... Hehe, you've always been at odds with the Fatui.
Przheva: Traveler, you send the kid off the forest to the Eremites. I will take Alexandra and leave.
Przheva: Trust me, few would believe in "the Fatui's heroic sacrifice."
Przheva: Tsk, did we get caught? But... it's not like the higher-ups have sent anyone here lately...
Przheva: Tsk. Why is Nika here...
Przheva: We are at best some pawns left in a random place waiting to be deployed.
Przheva: We are two... ahem, evil Fatui coming over to this forest for some evildoing.
Przheva: We don't want to end up like that. Instead of wasting life here, we'd rather take the risk and free ourselves from the Fatui.
Przheva: We made this plan just because we don't want to be one of them.
Przheva: We've been planning this for so long. It wouldn't hurt to wait a bit longer.
Przheva: Why are you so late? Did you run into any trouble?
Przheva: With only one chance, we have to be careful.
Przheva: You are the ideal witness to the death of two Fatui.
Przheva: You've been eavesdropping for a while without moving.
You wait here with Paimon...