 (Uh, did I give the wrong answers that last time...?)
 Alrighty then.
Anna: Great! Thanks a lot, Traveler
 Is Amber your proctor?
Anna: Well, no, but I just met her during the signup process.
Anna: She mentioned you while explaining the exam process to me. She said you did really well!
Anna: So I got to thinking that I could consult you about some of the exam questions...
 Make sure you find solid ground to land on.
Anna: Ah, is that so...
 No problem.
 One person per glider.
Anna: Hmm, I see...
 Quest DescriptionAnna from Mondstadt would really like to become an adventurer...
 Select an appropriate landing spot, and do not fold your wind glider in abruptly.
Anna: Alright, I see...
 Take off using Anemo Slimes is always an interesting option.
Anna: Is this so? Huh...
 That depends on how good the person doing the gliding is.
Anna: Huh, is that so...
 That depends on the weight of the person gliding.
Anna: I see, I see...
 To select appropriate take-off points and to assume the correct take-off posture.
Anna: Okay, interesting...
 Watch closely now.
 What's up?
 You have to mind your descent posture most of all.
Anna: Huh. Okay...
 You need to make sure that you're below the wind glider.
Anna: Hmm, I see...
 You want to take the gliding exam, Anna?
Anna: After that, I asked Jack to help me do a mock test.
Anna: Ah, is that so...
Anna: Alright, I see...
Anna: Blue? Green? Maybe a bit of both, perhaps?
Anna: But I never thought that there was such a thing as a gliding license...
Anna: Did you take the license exam, Anthony?
Anna: Great! Thanks a lot, Traveler
Anna: Hehe, with you as my coach, this exam will be a cinch!
Anna: Here's my third question, then: what should we take note of when landing?
Anna: Hmm, I see...
Anna: Hmm... I think I've more or less got it all down now! But I won't get anywhere just by listening...
Anna: Huh, is that so...
Anna: Huh. Okay...
Anna: I mean, I've already signed up to take part, but I don't think I have all the knowledge down pat just yet...
Anna: I see, I see...
Anna: I studied pretty hard after your previous coaching session.
Anna: I sure will! Let's get going then!
Anna: I wonder what color my wind glider should be...
Anna: I'm not sure where things went wrong. Traveler, could you coach me again?
Anna: I... I failed that mock exam.
Anna: Is this so? Huh...
Anna: Oh, come one, why do we need stuff like a wind glider license?
Anna: Oh, so you can just adjust your direction mid-air like that, too! That's so cool!
Anna: Okay, interesting...
Anna: Okay, so, I have three questions for you.
Anna: Second question: what should we take note of when using wind gliders?
Anna: She mentioned you while explaining the exam process to me. She said you did really well!
Anna: So I got to thinking that I could consult you about some of the exam questions...
Anna: So... First off, how many people can a single wind glider carry while airborne?
Anna: Thanks for your help, Traveler!
Anna: Thanks so much! Here, these are for you. I'm off to revise some more!
Anna: That was impressive! You're a really agile glider, Traveler.
Anna: Traveler, I heard Amber mention that you've got a license already. Could you help me revise for the exam?
Anna: Traveler, could you give me a demonstration of wind glider usage?
Anna: Traveler... I...
Anna: Well, no, but I just met her during the signup process.
Anna: Where did I go wrong...
Anna: Wow! You flew up so high! So these are the "wind currents" Amber was talking about!
Anna: Wow, you're really good at this! No wonder Amber said that I could learn a thing or two from you.
Anna: Yup. It's something that all adventurers need to use, so I've been looking to practice!
Anthony: I don't use wind gliders, so I've never taken the exam...