 How's your training coming along?
 Pictures and samples, got them all right here.
 Quest DescriptionAnna from Mondstadt would really like to become an adventurer...
 Still training, Anna?
 Sure.
Anna goes to one side and starts cooking...
Anna: After that, please help me gather these three plant species. I'd like to keep them as samples.
Anna: Alright then, Traveler, I'm counting on you.
Anna: As for Cecilias... it's got to be Starsnatch Cliff.
Anna: As for me, I'll go write those notes up. Hmm, as for these plants...
Anna: As for the Cecilias, I guess they'd look better in a vase somewhere instead of serving as specimens...
Anna: As such, I'm planning to go investigate some wild plants, check out their features and characteristics, and then commit them to memory slowly.
Anna: Brother, do you know what else plants can do aside from being edible?
Anna: Cyrus told me that adventurers will often camp out in the wilds, where foraging is a very important skill.
Anna: Hey there, Traveler! Great timing — I was just planning to go out to observe some plants.
Anna: However, I don't think that pure writing is going to be very intuitive.
Anna: Huh... Then I guess I should check them out myself. Don't worry, I'm just going to gather some plants. I won't go anywhere near those monsters.
Anna: I know, I know. Well, I'll be a bit late back today, then.
Anna: I'll continue my own plant observations elsewhere in the meantime.
Anna: I'll go ask Jack if he knows how to preserve some specimens.
Anna: If so, could you help me snap some photos of a few plant species in their natural habitats?
Anna: Images of these plants in their natural habitats, live specimens, and detailed descriptions...
Anna: Nice! In that case, could you get me photos of Calla Lillies, Small Lamp Grass, and Cecilias?
Anna: Oh, so that's how it is...
Anna: Once you've got the pictures, let's meet up in the city.
Anna: Thank you so much, Traveler! Actually, how about this? Let me make you a meal to show my thanks. I guarantee it'll be good!
Anna: That way, I'll at least know what I can and cannot eat out there in the future.
Anna: The botany section of my handbook looks to be in pretty good shape!
Anna: The spring in Springvale plays host to large numbers of Calla Lilies, while Small Lamp Grass is common in Wolvendom.
Anna: Traveler, I've heard that you have a gadget known as the Kamera. Is that true?
Anna: Well, how does it look? Pretty good, huh? I hope you'll enjoy it!
Anna: Wow! That was super fast! I guess that's a seasoned adventurer for you, huh? You're amazing...
Anna: You're back, Traveler! How have things gone? Did you manage to get those pictures?
Anthony: *sigh* She's not really trying to become an adventurer, is she?
Anthony: ...Oh, just be careful, will you?
Anthony: How am I supposed to know that?
Anthony: I just know where you can find them and whether you can eat them or not.
Paimon: Here's our Cecilias. Let's take a picture of them!
Paimon: That should do it. Let's go back and look for Anna.
Paimon: This is where we can find Small Lamp Grass. Time to take a picture of them using the Kamera!
Paimon: Well, here's our Calla Lilies. Time to take a picture of them using the Kamera!
Paimon: Well, that's this picture squared away. Let's grab this Calla Lily real quick and bring it back to Anna.
Paimon: Well, that's this picture squared away. Let's grab this Small Lamp Grass real quick and bring it back to Anna.
Paimon: Well, that's this picture taken and done. Let's grab this Cecilia and bring it back to Anna.