
Anna: It's just as the handbook says — you can use all sorts of ways and means to beat monsters...

Anna: You just went at them head-on... It's nice to be strong, huh?
 Calm down, son...
 Doing well over there, Anna?
 Hmm. Why don't I come with you?
 I've got some confidence in my skills.
 In that case, how's your training going?
 Quest DescriptionAnna from Mondstadt would really like to become an adventurer...
 What are you two talking about, Anthony?
 You still need more training.
Anna: Agh! What was that explosion!? The monsters have been sent flying...
Anna: Alright then, Traveler, let's head out right now! I've had Jack check out the encampment we're going to.
Anna: Alright then, brother, guess you can rest easy now!
Anna: And as you can see, my brother...
Anna: And why can't I be an adventurer? I'm as healthy as can be, and Cyrus says I've got the mind for the job, too!
Anna: But I've heard that adventurers also do battle with monsters out in the wild often, too.
Anna: Come on, I've already talked to Mom and Dad about this. They say they'll allow it as long as I pass the Adventurers' Guild selection trials.
Anna: Cyrus helped me get a training schedule set up a few days back. I've been training ever since then.
Anna: Eh? You'd help me out! That's great!
Anna: He says that there are many ways to defeat monsters...
Anna: Hmm, but how is that supposed to help us beat them?
Anna: I mean, I've asked Jack! He agreed to help me.
Anna: I'd love to learn how to do that, but I haven't found anyone who'll teach me...
Anna: I've got to train harder from now on.
Anna: If we break these Hydro Ambers, we'll be able to soak these monsters to the bone...
Anna: It's just as the handbook says — you can use all sorts of ways and means to beat monsters...
Anna: Oh! This must be the Hydro Amber that Cyrus talked about.
Anna: Oh, come on! Stop worrying, already. I'll be fine!
Anna: Still, I've got to admit that they still scare me when they're this close. It's a good thing we've got you around...
Anna: Thank you, Traveler! I'll head back to the city now. I'm sure my brother's worried sick by now...
Anna: That said, it's all been scouting work, foraging for emergency rations, outdoor survival, and stuff like that...
Anna: The camp should be over there. Truthfully, this is my first being so near to monsters.
Anna: Traveler, could you... walk a little slower? I'm trying to read the handbook Cyrus gave me...
Anna: Um... I guess I'll stay away from these in the future...
Anna: Well, I doubt we'll find any veteran adventurers that easily at the Guild, and I don't have the funds to put a commission up...
Anna: Wow, you beat them all down — you made it look pretty easy, too.
Anna: Yeah, yeah, I remember them... You've talked my ear off several times already!
Anna: You just went at them head-on... It's nice to be strong, huh?
Anna: Yup, I know. The road to becoming an adventurer is far from easy.
Anthony starts to nag at Anna...
Anthony: *sigh* Alright, alright. I know how strong the Honorary Knight is. With (him/her) by your side, I suppose I can rest a little easier.
Anthony: *sigh* She's only been well for a short while, and she's already causing havoc...
Anthony: Anna, please reconsider. We should really take the long-term view here...
Anthony: Do you remember everything I told you?
Anthony: However, you should still be careful out there...
Anthony: I won't have it! Those monsters are highly dangerous! Even if you do go, you'll have to make sure you're accompanied by a seasoned veteran at the very least!
Anthony: I'm leaving Anna in your care, Traveler. Please make sure that she doesn't come to any harm.
Anthony: Oh, get real. I know who Jack is. He can barely take care of himself out there, let alone you.
Anthony: Traveler! You're just in time! Please, you've got to help me out here. Anna wants to become an adventurer!
Anthony: Well...
Anthony: Wh... What!?
Anthony: You haven't even been well for that long! What are you going to do if you fall ill again? Besides, there's no way our parents will agree!