 I think I understand what needs to happen...
(Dialogue ends)
 I'll happily take your place at Doolan's meetings.
Patchi the Curious: I appreciate the gesture, but take it from me...
Patchi the Curious: ...You'll find those monsters far less stressful to deal with than one of his meetings!
 Not just yet...
 Quest DescriptionPatchi is near the Thousand Winds Temple, trying to find a way to enter...
 What are you arguing about?
 Yes, they're all gone.
Doolan: If the plan isn't perfect, then we need to be prepared for anything!
Patchi the Curious: ...You'll find those monsters far less stressful to deal with than one of his meetings!
Patchi the Curious: Have you wiped out the monsters' camps yet?
Patchi the Curious: He'll have no excuse to pull me into a meeting this time!
Patchi the Curious: I am a researcher of ancient ruins, and I wish to embark on a field trip to the Thousand Winds Temple. But I don't deal well with situations involving combat.
Patchi the Curious: I appreciate the gesture, but take it from me...
Patchi the Curious: I'm begging you, clear them out for me would you? Just to shut him up, even if it doesn't get us inside the temple...
Patchi the Curious: Mr. Doolan here is an adventurer, and has taken it upon himself to make all the necessary arrangements for the temple investigation.
Patchi the Curious: Now he says he's found new evidence of monsters camping out next to the temple.
Patchi the Curious: Now, I do not mean to be critical of Doolan in any way, and I know that those Ruin Guards can be a real nuisance... but he insists on devising a fully comprehensive adventure plan down to the last detail, to which end he calls meeting after meeting...
Patchi the Curious: Please do it as soon as you can. Before Doolan finds yet another piece of evidence to pursue and ponder...
Patchi the Curious: So, have you wiped out the monsters' camps?
Patchi the Curious: There's no such THING as a perfect plan when you're on an adventure! How are you going to make any progress at all if you keep deliberating like this?
Patchi the Curious: We've had research, investigation, and amendments, followed by supplementary research, further investigation, and round-two amendments... Ahh, I just can't take it anymore!
Patchi the Curious: Wonderful. I will speak with him at once about a proposed means of entry into the temple.