 How are you feeling?
 Investigate
 Is something the matter?
 Jack fought bravely.
Cyrus: Oh, you fought alongside him? So that's how he was injured.
Cyrus: *sigh* Bravery is good... but I'd rather that he were more steady. One can only be an adventurer if one stays alive.
Cyrus: Your bravery is commendable as well, traveler. Take this as your reward.
 Jack rushed in, and got hurt as a result...
Cyrus: So it's as I thought. *sigh* He hasn't been listening to what I always tell him, has he?
Cyrus: I understand that he wants to prove himself, but...
Cyrus: Forget it. I understand what happened. I'll talk to Jack.
Cyrus: This is for you, consider it payment for your adventure.
 Quest DescriptionEven in the midst of the storm, Cyrus of the Adventurers' Guild seems to be gearing up for action...
 Sure thing.
Cyrus: Thank you! I must oversee the situation here at the Guild, or I would have gone myself.
Cyrus: I am counting on you. The Guild must not lose another young soul.
 There are other things I need to do...
Cyrus: ...Alright. In such times, settling your own affairs is the wisest choice.
(Does not accept the quest)
 This isn't right...
Jack: I know it isn't, and Cyrus always says that adventurers should be honest with themselves...
Jack: But... *sigh* Forget it. I just hope he won't be too mad at me...
 Your secret's safe with me.
Jack: Thank you so much! I promise I won't be so reckless in the future!
 Yup.
Cyrus: *sigh* Bravery is good... but I'd rather that he were more steady. One can only be an adventurer if one stays alive.
Cyrus: ...Alright. In such times, settling your own affairs is the wisest choice.
Cyrus: Drat... If only we had more manpower...
Cyrus: Forget it. I understand what happened. I'll talk to Jack.
Cyrus: He volunteered to go to the Thousand Winds Temple, but we haven't heard from him since.
Cyrus: I am counting on you. The Guild must not lose another young soul.
Cyrus: I like his spirit, but he's too rash sometimes and doesn't have enough experience. I worry that something might happen to him.
Cyrus: I understand that he wants to prove himself, but...
Cyrus: Oh, you fought alongside him? So that's how he was injured.
Cyrus: So it's as I thought. *sigh* He hasn't been listening to what I always tell him, has he?
Cyrus: Thank you! I must oversee the situation here at the Guild, or I would have gone myself.
Cyrus: The Guild's experienced hands have all been sent to various places to investigate. But... I just fear for Jack.
Cyrus: The Knights are in charge of internal security, but those foolish monsters outside the city walls are the specialty of the Adventurers' Guild.
Cyrus: The Knights of Favonius have mobilized their full strength. Naturally, the Adventurers' Guild will not stand idly by. It is time for the people to witness our strength!
Cyrus: This is for you, consider it payment for your adventure.
Cyrus: Traveler, if you are willing, could you help me go to the Thousand Winds Temple to look for Jack?
Cyrus: Traveler? Great timing! You've seen the tempests that Stormterror's kicked up in Mondstadt, haven't you?
Cyrus: What happened out there?
Cyrus: Where has that kid Bennett run off to? *sigh* At a moment like this, no less... I hope he didn't run into any trouble...
Cyrus: You're back, and so is Jack, I see, though he's limping.
Cyrus: Your bravery is commendable as well, traveler. Take this as your reward.
Jack: *hissing* That... hurts...
Jack: *sigh* I really hope my ranking won't be affected by this...
Jack: ...But I got too close, and they discovered me.
Jack: As for me... I can take care of myself.
Jack: But... *sigh* Forget it. I just hope he won't be too mad at me...
Jack: C–Could I ask you not to tell Cyrus about this? I'd truly be in hot soup if this were to affect my ranking...
Jack: Ha, it's just a little... *grunt* hurt! Just a little. I'm fine.
Jack: I actually came to the Thousand Winds Temple because I'm soon to take an Adventure Ranking test...
Jack: I discovered a group of hilichurls congregating in the camp ahead, and suspected that they might be up to something. So I followed them...
Jack: I know it isn't, and Cyrus always says that adventurers should be honest with themselves...
Jack: I never thought that I'd not only have nothing to show for it, but almost lose my life in the process as well.
Jack: I thought that the ranking would go much more smoothly if I could show my stuff at this time.
Jack: I, too, would like to leave behind dragon-slaying, world-saving legends, but in the end, I couldn't even beat a pack of hilichurls...
Jack: Never mind that, or me — please help to clear those hilichurls out!
Jack: Thank you so much! I promise I won't be so reckless in the future!
Jack: Thank you so much. I'd thought that I wouldn't be coming home today...
Jack: Their numbers are increasing. We can't let their plans come to fruition.
Jack: Ugh... Anyway, I... This is embarrassing, but I have something to ask of you...
Jack: You really are very strong. If only I could be as outstanding as you...
Jack: You've cleaned them out, I suppose?
Paimon: It's Jack! Quick, we need to rescue him!
Paimon: Look, footprints! Let's follow them and see if they lead us to Jack.