
 Huh... You mean, this?
Harris: What? Wait... Yes! How... Where? Is this pure coincidence, or...
Harris: ...Well, anyway... This means I now have all the ingredients I need.

Harris: Traveler, would you kindly run this errand for me?
 Could I boldly inquire what's in it for me?
Harris: Don't worry, I have set something aside ready for your return.
 About the Great Snowboar King meat you wanted...
 Could I boldly inquire what's in it for me?
 Here you are.
 Here's your Chilled Meat.
 Huh... You mean, this?
 I made some Goulash.
 I've come for my Goulash.
 Leave it to me!
Harris: Nice to see you're so enthusiastic about this.
 Quest DescriptionHarris, the chef at the foothill camp, has received inspiration from an ancient recipe and would like to create an all-new gourment dish. For this, he first requires 10 servings of Chilled Meat...
 Step DescriptionYou have gathered all the ingredients, and Harris has also come up with his recipe. However, he seems to want you to make this Goulash with your own hands...
 Step DescriptionYou pass the ten slabs of Chilled Meat to Harris. Harris then commissions you once more to get a slab of the Great Snowboar King's meat...
 To clarify, you mean...
 What ingredients do you need?
 What's happening?
(Talk to Harris after obtaining the Great Snowboar King's meat)
 About the Great Snowboar King meat you wanted...
Harris: Ah, you've managed to get your hands on some Great Snowboar King meat, have you?
 Here you are.
Harris: Well, in that case... That's all the ingredients accounted for.
Harris:  Not long ago, a team of explorers went on an expedition into the mountains. One of them is a friend of mine, an adventurer.
Harris: ...And recipes say that its exquisite meat is well-suited to any method of cooking...
Harris: ...Well, anyway... This means I now have all the ingredients I need.
Harris: Ah! You've finished?
Harris: Ah, you've managed to get your hands on some Great Snowboar King meat, have you?
Harris: But as long as the end result tastes good, I'm not concerned about how I get there. I think I'm going to name this dish "Goulash." Sounds exotic but it's very easy to make... Why don't you try for yourself?
Harris: Delicious! Nice one, you're a natural.
Harris: Do eat it while it's hot. Remember, hot food is your adventure fuel.
Harris: Don't worry, I have set something aside ready for your return.
Harris: Don't worry, I've factored in the difficulty of trying to cook in an inhospitable environment like this. So I kept the preparation time to a minimum and made sure the cooking method is a straightforward one.
Harris: Go on, give it a try. After you've made it once, you'll find it's easy to remember if you ever want to cook it again.
Harris: Have you heard of the Great Snowboar King? People say that it's a fierce beast dwelling deep in the mountains...
Harris: Hmm? Ah, Traveler. I'm just adding the finishing touches to an ancient recipe.
Harris: I heard that a few boar somehow got lost in the mountains and became encased in ice... I'm curious to find out how such an ordeal affects the flavor of the meat.
Harris: If you're going to go adventuring in the mountains, you've got to make sure you eat right!
Harris: In fact, I've never even heard of some of the ingredients that the recipe requires. Even some of the cooking techniques are new to me.
Harris: It was full of books and other records. Even... even a recipe. I don't know how it has survived intact for this long...
Harris: Just a few more ingredients to go...
Harris: My adventurer friend passed the recipe on to me. He hopes I can revive the taste of the past.
Harris: Nice to see you're so enthusiastic about this.
Harris: Oh, one last thing — come and see me again this evening, I'll give you another batch of this food.
Harris: Right on time! It's all ready. Here you go. as promised.
Harris: So, I'm cooking a modified version which only uses the most essential ingredients...
Harris: So, perhaps you could fetch me ten portions of Chilled Meat.
Harris: Thanks for doing this for me. Come and find me once you've got the ingredients.
Harris: Thanks for your help, and please accept these in return. I need to go cook for some other people now.
Harris: They didn't make it very far due to bad weather conditions. But, my friend did tell me that they happened upon an ancient ruin while they were taking shelter from the storm.
Harris: Traveler, would you kindly run this errand for me?
Harris: Well, in that case... That's all the ingredients accounted for.
Harris: What? Wait... Yes! How... Where? Is this pure coincidence, or...
Harris: While I was waiting for you to get back with the ingredients, I formalized my recipe. If one thing's certain, it's that this is definitely a far cry from the ancient recipe I started with...
Harris: Would you be willing to help me gather the unusual ingredients from the recipe?
Harris: Wow, this Chilled Meat looks pretty good to me... Now I just have one more ingredient left to find.
Harris: Yes, as in the meat of those frozen boar. Being encased in ice must keep it pretty fresh, don't you think? So, when someone tells me about some poor boar trapped in ice, all I hear is "Chilled Meat..."