 Eury is struggling with a big decision as we speak.
 How long do you plan on drinking for, exactly?
Nimrod: Ho-ho, well that depends how long you can...
Nimrod: ...N—No, I just need enough time to enjoy one nice drink without having to down it...
Nimrod: Just the one, I swear! You can always trust a tavern-goer in Mondstadt!
 Is everything okay?
 Okay...
Nimrod: Haha, excellent! May your glasses forever flow with the fine wine of good fortune, my friends!
 Quest DescriptionNimrod wants to enjoy a few drinks from the tavern, but he needs some help to deal with his wife...
 The first step is admitting you have a problem...
 To help.
 Will these do?
(Sunsettia ×5 removed from inventory)
Eury: *sigh* I wish Nimrod were here, I'd just pick what he wants...
Eury: ...But these apples are so cheap. Maybe I should get some of each?
Eury: Hmm... Sunsettias or apples? Decisions, decisions...
Eury: Huh? Allow you to...?
Eury: Oh, I see. Well, I guess it will have to be apples, then.
Eury: Really? Hmm... but there's no other choice.
Eury: They look really good!
Eury: This is great, Nimrod much prefers sunsettias to apples. I'll wait here then.
Nimrod: ...N—No, I just need enough time to enjoy one nice drink without having to down it...
Nimrod: All I can do is wait till she's gone out shopping and then slip out for a few quick ones.
Nimrod: Boy do I need a drink...
Nimrod: But could you go and distract Eury for a while? Just long enough for one or two brews, you know?
Nimrod: But if Eury catches me drinking, it'll be the end of me.
Nimrod: Great... great! I, uh... I guess I have time for another then! Bartender—
Nimrod: Haha, excellent! May your glasses forever flow with the fine wine of good fortune, my friends!
Nimrod: Hehe... I did, didn't I? Just the one... I swear— I swear this next one is just the one for me! Haha! Bartender...
Nimrod: Hey! Don't be like that. I'm hardly the only person in Mondstadt who's fond of a drink.
Nimrod: Ho-ho, well that depends how long you can...
Nimrod: Huh? Oh... It's fine, I just fancy a little drink is all.
Nimrod: Just the one, I swear! You can always trust a tavern-goer in Mondstadt!
Nimrod: My wife Eury can't stand it when I drink, though, so I never touch the stuff at home.
Nimrod: Now, I must get back to my wine! Wine o'clock doesn't come every day...
Nimrod: She's guaranteed to keep thinking it over as long as you can keep making sure there's another option...
Nimrod: Thank you, my friends. Please, take these. My gift to you.
Nimrod: Whenever Eury goes shopping, all it takes is a little too much choice and she'll be there all day trying to make up her mind!
Nimrod: Y—You're back? What's the... situation with Eury?
Paimon: Allow us!
Paimon: Check it out — there's Eury.
Paimon: It looks like she's battling with indecision as we speak...
Paimon: Judging by the smell, I'd say he's had more than one...
Paimon: Oi! You said just the one! You said you swear!
Paimon: Relax. We'll find some fresh sunsettias for you.
Quinn: ...You will? Um, well thanks...!
Quinn: Apologies, Eury ma'am. We're all out of sunsettias.
Quinn: Did you find any sunsettias?
Quinn: Gosh, that's plenty! This is amazing, thank you!
Quinn: Ooh... Sorry Eury, I think these apples are starting to turn...