 I've never seen such dedication in all my life...
Paimon: That would be the worst thing that could happen.
Paimon: Let's not let it happen that way. Come on, get rid of these monsters.
 Okay, let's do this.
Paimon: People of such good character deserve a bit of help, if you ask Paimon.
 Quest DescriptionSister Vind wishes to get to the top of the watchtower but something has gotten in her way. She's trying to think of a way through...
 Quite the sob story...
Vind: Yes. I hope that part of history is one that never repeats itself.
 The monsters are gone now.
 What are you doing?
 You're really dedicated.
Vind: Thank you. But, on the subject of my duty...
Vind: ...I would prefer never to have to fulfill it.
Paimon: Come on, let's clear out the area for Ms. Vind shall we?
Paimon: Let's not let it happen that way. Come on, get rid of these monsters.
Paimon: Look at her... She's seriously thinking of just making an almighty run for it...
Paimon: People of such good character deserve a bit of help, if you ask Paimon.
Paimon: She talks like she's got this one covered, but boy there are a lot of monsters...
Paimon: That would be the worst thing that could happen.
Vind: *sigh* How am I going to get past...
Vind: ...I would prefer never to have to fulfill it.
Vind: Anyway. Thank you for your help. These Windwheel Asters are for you.
Vind: But there's a group of monsters blocking the way up ahead. I don't know how to get past.
Vind: Come and find me at the top of the watchtower. I'll wait for you.
Vind: Don't worry, I'm not about to ask you to go to the watchtower for me!
Vind: Even so, I still cannot bring myself to stop coming here to this watchtower.
Vind: Generations of my family have kept watch here on behalf of Mondstadt, looking for any signs of an oncoming storm. It was Lady Vennessa who first entrusted us with this task.
Vind: Hmm... maybe if I run fast enough I can get all the way to the top without getting hurt...
Vind: How can I repay you? Oh! I've got it...
Vind: I mean— Sorry, I take that back. You are the one I should be thanking!
Vind: I'm trying to get to the watchtower at Stormbearer Point — I want to see if there is a storm brewing out at sea or not.
Vind: In the past, my family would look at how well the Windwheel Aster grows in an area to determine how strong the wind was there.
Vind: Is something the matter?
Vind: It can only flourish in places like Mondstadt, where the wind is gentle and nourishing.
Vind: It is my duty, and I must see it fulfilled no matter what it takes.
Vind: Let's hope they continue to prosper here forever.
Vind: Mmm... Calm seas and no wind again today.
Vind: Oh, hello... Is something wrong?
Vind: Really! Thanks be to the Anemo Archon...
Vind: Since Lord Barbatos began protecting Mondstadt, we have not seen a single storm, and the watchtowers have slowly fallen into disrepair.
Vind: Thank you. But, on the subject of my duty...
Vind: The Windwheel Aster can grow neither in places with no wind, nor anywhere that is plagued by strong storms.
Vind: Yes. I hope that part of history is one that never repeats itself.
Vind: You probably have things to do. Go on, don't worry about me, I'll figure it out.