 Congratulations!
 Do you not want her to become an adventurer?
 Glad I could help.
 Haha, you're all fired up.
Anna: Of course! Being an adventurer is really interesting!
Anna: Well... I still am a bit unfamiliar with what to do while undertaking commissions, though.
Anna: Traveler, would you mind coming with me again? I still have things I'd like to ask you.
 How's Fischl been?
Anna: Fischl? Well, um...
Anna: Sh—She's really awesome as well! Her archery is great, and she's cleared lots of commissions.
Anna: I don't really understand the things that she says...
Anna: But she's still a very experienced adventurer. W—Wait, no, she's an investigator!
 I'm accompanying Anna on her commission.
 Oh, this uniform...!
 Okay. Let's go!
 Quest DescriptionIt appears that Anna from Mondstadt has successfully become an adventurer.
 Sure.
 There will be others.
Anna: What's with that hapless tone...
 There will be others.
Paimon: What's with that hapless tone...
 Want me to come along?
Anna: Would you? Hehe, sure! There's still so much I could learn from you.
 What's your impression of Bennett so far?
Anna: My impression of him?
Anna: When I first joined the Guild, he answered a lot of my questions and gave me lots of assistance.
Anna: But I've heard that he has especially bad luck.
Anna: That's just not fair. He's such a nice person...
 You look awesome!
 You'll understand in time...
Anna: Hey, not that tired look...
???: By royal decree!
Anna: Ah. So that's how it is...
Anna: Alright, here we go! Let's follow it.
Anna: Alright. Let's work hard today, too!
Anna: And Fischl... Her words are as impressive as ever!
Anna: And we're done! Thanks, Traveler. This went pretty well, I think.
Anna: Bennett's as reliable as ever, I see.
Anna: But I'm well now, and I've even become an adventurer.
Anna: But I've heard that he has especially bad luck.
Anna: But all of a sudden, a whole bunch of Treasure Hoarders came charging at us...
Anna: But is this the usual fare for adventurers?
Anna: But she's still a very experienced adventurer. W—Wait, no, she's an investigator!
Anna: Fischl? Well, um...
Anna: Hehe, thanks. I tried to persuade my brother to give the exam a go too, but he refused no matter what I said...
Anna: Hehe. When the time comes, I'll help my brother fulfill some of his dreams too!
Anna: Hey, not that tired look...
Anna: Huh, so this is the transport balloon we're escorting. It's packed to capacity with so much stuff!
Anna: Huh... So we're escorting... another transport balloon.
Anna: I don't really understand the things that she says...
Anna: I see, I see... I'll note that down.
Anna: Is that so... Nice! I'll keep working at it, then!
Anna: My brother always wanted to travel... But I fell ill, and he had to stay back to take care of me.
Anna: My impression of him?
Anna: Now let me see. This commission is...
Anna: Now we're supposed to activate it... like this?
Anna: Of course! Being an adventurer is really interesting!
Anna: Oh, fine, fine, I get it! Heading out now, I've got a commission to finish!
Anna: Oh, it's Fischl and Bennett! Hello there!
Anna: Once I've saved up enough Mora, I'll bring my brother and our parents out on a trip!
Anna: Our destination is right up ahead. Let's put in a little extra effort, shall we?
Anna: Sh—She's really awesome as well! Her archery is great, and she's cleared lots of commissions.
Anna: Still, why did I get transport balloon escort a few days in a row? Doesn't the Guild have any other commissions?
Anna: That's just not fair. He's such a nice person...
Anna: That's right! I passed the Adventurers' Guild exam. That makes me an officially-recognized adventurer!
Anna: That's right. The Traveler and I were just escorting this transport balloon.
Anna: Then let's set out. Today's commission is...
Anna: This balloon's following a really strange path. How are we supposed to guard it like this?
Anna: Transport Balloon Escort!
Anna: Traveler, come have a look! What do you think? Does this look good on me?
Anna: Traveler, do you ever have trouble keeping up with the balloon you're supposed to be escorting?
Anna: Traveler, do you mind coming with me? I've got so many things I want to ask you about being an adventurer!
Anna: Traveler, would you mind coming with me again? I still have things I'd like to ask you.
Anna: T—Traveler! Guess it's you and me together, then!
Anna: Well, guess we've finished this commission either way. Thank you, Traveler. I'm going to report back to the Guild now.
Anna: Well, then we can bring them along! We can travel the whole world together!
Anna: Well... I still am a bit unfamiliar with what to do while undertaking commissions, though.
Anna: What's with that hapless tone...
Anna: When I first joined the Guild, he answered a lot of my questions and gave me lots of assistance.
Anna: Would you? Hehe, sure! There's still so much I could learn from you.
Anna: Yikes! Where did these Treasure Hoarders pop out from?
Anthony: ...
Anthony: As her brother, I'll support her... all the way.
Anthony: But remember, don't get yourself injured, and don't overtax yourself...
Anthony: I respect my sister's wishes.
Anthony: I've got no interest in adventures... And anyway, who'll take care of our parents if we both become adventurers?
Anthony: Now that she's well again after such a long struggle with her illness, she deserves a chance to pursue her dreams.
Anthony: Please take care of Anna, Traveler. Her excitement might have gotten to her head lately...
Anthony: That's all I have to say.
Anthony: You... Alright, alright. You're an adventurer now, so do your best. Leave matters at home to me.
Bennett: Fischl and I accepted a commission to investigate the whereabouts of a certain band of Treasure Hoarders.
Bennett: Fischl. You ran off too quickly! That was really risky...
Bennett: Hehe. Well then, guess we'll haul these Treasure Hoarders back to the Guild. Be careful now — and don't forget to watch your step.
Bennett: Looks like my luck's pretty good today, huh!
Bennett: Oh, it's you, Anna. And the Traveler, too! Are you on a commission?
Bennett: Oz managed to catch their trail, and we were about to capture them... And then I tripped over a branch and fell over.
Bennett: The noise startled those Treasure Hoarders, who turned and fled. We had no choice but to keep chasing them...
Bennett: Uh, I'm terribly sorry about that. That was my fault.
Bennett: W—Well, anyway, thanks for your help this time. It really was fortunate that you were there to bar their path.
Fischl: Ah, you have arrived, O you who art blessed by the Prinzessin! Surely were you led here by the weft of fate.
Fischl: Hah! Mine thundering retribution spares not any evildoers...
Fischl: O—Oz!
Fischl: There was never any reason to fret. The violet light of conviction was ever fated to sever the destinies of those foul rogues.
Oz: But Mein Fräulein, was it not the Traveler who ultimately apprehended them?
Oz: Mein Fräulein wishes to say that she is pleased to have met you by chance.
Paimon: Anna's really getting into this...
Paimon: We usually stay in front of the balloon to clear obstacles or monsters outta the way.
Paimon: Well, if escort commissions were that easy, they wouldn't have to be commissioned in the first place.
Paimon: What's with that hapless tone...
Treasure Hoarder: I, ah, didn't get it either...? Whatever the case, let's split!
Treasure Hoarder: Uh, Boss? What on earth is she saying?