 I'm here for the Ascension Challenge!
Prince: Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
Prince: "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
 Quest DescriptionThe Genius Invokation TCG Society has determined that you are qualified for the Ascension Challenge. Win the Challenge and become an Advanced player! We hope you will have fun with Genius Invokation TCG!
 The other guys?
(Other options as normal)
Media:vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg Prince: Meow...
Media:vo littleprince card hard 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card hard 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card hard 03.ogg Prince: Meow...
Media:vo littleprince card superpower 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card superpower 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card superpower 03.ogg Prince: Meow meow.
Media:vo littleprince card upset 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card upset 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card upset 03.ogg Prince: Meow meow.
Prince: "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
Prince: "I'm impressed."
Prince: "Let's see how you're gonna deal with this."
Prince: "Sorry, I meant to go easy on you."
Prince: "That was quite remarkable."
Prince: ((Traveler), may the fun be with you in the world of Genius Invokation TCG!)
Prince: (I believe you are capable of completing this challenge.)
Prince: (In other words, there are only a few people who are serious about the game, but even if it's just for fun, it's worth some serious dedication too.)
Prince: Meow! (Ah, yes! Now that you have my recognition, you can also challenge the games set up by the other guys in the tavern. Hmm... they should enjoy your company.)
Prince: Meow! (How wonderful! Congratulations on completing the Ascension Challenge. You're now an Advanced player!)
Prince: Meow. (You heard it right. Of course, they, just like me, are cats in this tavern. But they are not to be underestimated.)
Prince: Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
Prince: Meow... (How unfortunate... Try to be extra careful next time and perhaps make some adjustments to your deck before your next attempt.)
Prince: Meow? (It only takes one challenge to become an Advanced player? Well, since most people play the game only for fun, they don't take it too seriously...)
Prince: Meow~ (Should the time come, Shuyun can hold cards for them. Alright. To honor the tradition, there's one more thing I've got to say!)