 I'm here for the Ascension Challenge!
Prince: Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
Prince: "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
 Quest DescriptionThe Genius Invokation TCG Society has determined that you are qualified for the Ascension Challenge. Win the Challenge and become an Expert player! We hope you will have fun with Genius Invokation TCG!
(Other options as normal)
Media:vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg Prince: Meow...
Media:vo littleprince card hard 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card hard 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card hard 03.ogg Prince: Meow.
Media:vo littleprince card superpower 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card superpower 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card superpower 03.ogg Prince: Meow meow.
Media:vo littleprince card upset 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card upset 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card upset 03.ogg Prince: Meow meow.
Prince: "Eat this."
Prince: "I should've been more careful."
Prince: "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
Prince: "That's one opponent down then."
Prince: "Well done."
Prince: ((Traveler), don't forget why you started playing in the first place, and may the fun be with you in the world of Genius Invokation TCG!)
Prince: (After all, meeting up for a duel is also an opportunity to hang out.)
Prince: (I believe you are capable of completing this challenge.)
Prince: (You are now qualified to challenge more players. By the way, although you could already do it before, let me remind you that you are allowed to post on the invitation board...)
Prince: Meow! (Ah! Sorry, I digress. Anyway, as an Expert player, you, dear (Traveler), have now gained the privilege to buy some truly amazing-looking cards...)
Prince: Meow! (How wonderful! Congratulations on completing the Ascension Challenge. You're now an Expert player!)
Prince: Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
Prince: Meow... (How unfortunate... Try to be extra careful next time and perhaps make some adjustments to your deck before your next attempt.)
Prince: Meow... (This way, whoever wants to challenge you can throw down the gauntlet. A duel without knowing a thing about your opponent can be quite interesting sometimes, don't you think?)