 I'm here for the Ascension Challenge!
Prince: Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
Prince: "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
 Quest DescriptionThe Genius Invokation TCG Society has determined that you are qualified for the Ascension Challenge. Win the Challenge and become a Master player! We hope you will have fun with Genius Invokation TCG!
(Other options as normal)
Media:vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg Prince: Meow meow.
Media:vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg Prince: Meow...
Media:vo littleprince card hard 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card hard 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card hard 03.ogg Prince: Meow...
Media:vo littleprince card upset 01.ogg Media:vo littleprince card upset 02.ogg Media:vo littleprince card upset 03.ogg Prince: Meow meow...
Prince: "Hmm, you've grown so much already. How unexpected."
Prince: "How come..."
Prince: "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
Prince: "No reason to hold back anymore."
Prince: "Well... We've only just begun."
Prince: (I believe you are capable of completing this challenge.)
Prince: (May the fun be with you in the world of Genius Invokation TCG!)
Prince: (Of course, they fail to understand why we would spend so much time on a game that they just play for fun...)
Prince: (Perhaps some players are only willing to let you challenge the games set up by them after hearing that you have become a Master player... There are such strange guys in the tavern as well.)
Prince: Meow! (How wonderful! Congratulations on completing the Ascension Challenge. You're now a Master player!)
Prince: Meow! (Should the players invited by you learn that you have obtained the title of Master, they will surely take games against you more seriously.)
Prince: Meow. (Being a Master player means... that your technique has surpassed that of many people who have been studying the game. Those who don't put in enough effort will never be able to reach such level.)
Prince: Meow... ((Traveler)...)
Prince: Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
Prince: Meow... (How unfortunate... Try to be extra careful next time and perhaps make some adjustments to your deck before your next attempt.)