 ... Where did Jilliana go?
Vile: Oho, aren't you sharp? It seems your adventures weren't a waste of time.
 A present for Jilliana...
Marjorie: A present for Jilliana? From you, I presume? You do need to tell me who it's from, because it makes quite a difference in what I'd recommend.
Marjorie: Oh, it's from Rudolf... Hmm...
 About that present...
 And then you became a sister?
Jilliana: I made it sound simple, but I did go through some trials in the process of becoming a sister. Fortunately, Rudolf and Lily stood by me.
 Attack!
 Can you just tell me what's in this dish?
 Did you tell Beatrice about the cart?
 Did you wait long?
Norma: Whoa! You gave me a scare. Your delivery service is really quick.
 Do you give presents to Jilliana often?
Rudolf: Um... Not particularly, no... Just at weekends, and on Mondays... Oh, and on festivals, and on her birthday of course...
Rudolf: ...Hmm. So as I said, not that often at all! Hahaha...
 Do you know anything about presents?
 Found it.
 From Vile. Why?
 Go back and tell Sister Victoria everything.
 Got it.
Sara: Thanks a lot! Off you go.
(Obtain Norma's Order ×1)
 Here it is.
Rudolf: Thank you. How much was it? Let me reimburse you...
 How about Sara from Good Hunter? (Unlocked after completing A Surprise Gift twice)
(See Sara's Version)
 How did you meet Rudolf?
Jilliana: P—Please don't ask such questions. How am I supposed to answer? A—Anyway, it was all very complicated. I can't quite remember myself.
 I believe this is your order.
Norma: Whoa, you scared me! Yes, this is the dish I ordered... you sure do deliver quickly.
 I did.
 I did.
Rudolf: Did you really? Well, what do you know? Turns out Quinn actually can give people presents. Guess he's made some progress after all...
Rudolf: Huh? It was Beatrice who helped him? And he was the one who asked her?
Rudolf: Anemo Archon protect us... I... I really don't know what to say anymore.
 I traded for it.
Rudolf: You traded for it? Marjorie took Windwheel Asters in exchange for the present?
Rudolf: What would she need those for... Forget it. Please take these with my thanks.
 I wonder what this present is?
 I'll see it done.
Quinn: Great, thanks!
 I'm heading out, then.
Sara: Yup, thanks!
(Obtain Norma's Order ×1)
 I... I didn't bring enough.
Marjorie: Going shopping without money – were you expecting me to give this to you for free, or something?
Marjorie: Oh, come on, don't just stand there at the door with that hard-done-by look on your face, people will get the wrong idea.
Marjorie: Okay, I've got it. How about this: You go get me some Windwheel Asters, and once you do, I'll give you this present.
 Is something wrong with Quinn?
 It's a house specialty.
Rudolf: A house specialty? I wonder what that is...
 It's all thanks to Beatrice.
Rudolf: Beatrice? What, Beatrice helped Quinn prepare this present... and he asked her to help him with it?
Rudolf: This fellow, he hasn't made a lick of progress at all. In fact, he might be regressing...
 It's far too dangerous.
Quinn: Oh, don't you worry about it. It's only a small matter. Just come and see me after you find those planks.
 Jilliana! We found you!
Jilliana: S—So it was you! How did you find this place...
Scrooge: Who are you, poking your noses into our business? Scram, or we'll get rid of you, too!
 Leave it to me.
Quinn: Thank you!
 Must you go?
Quinn: Of course. It's just a group of monsters. I'll go look for the Knights of Favonius shortly.
Quinn: Besides, if anything were to happen to those goods, I would have difficulty doing business tomorrow.
Quinn: Not to mention Beatrice. She always wants me to save a few fruits for her.
Quinn: If I don't do that tomorrow, I'll never hear the end of it.
 Or else what now?
Scrooge: Who are you, poking your noses into our business? Scram, or we'll get rid of you, too!
 Quest DescriptionRudolf wants to send a gift to his wife, Jilliana, but has no idea what to give her. He's at a loss about what to do...
 Rudolf is still waiting for you.
Jilliana: Rudolf... Lily... But how can I go back and face them now?
 Rudolf wants to give Jilliana a present...
Marjorie: Oh ho. You're quite experienced in helping people choose presents, aren't you? Your conditions are very clear — I can work with this.
Marjorie: So this is a present that Rudolf wants to give to his wife Jilliana, right?
 Rudolf wants to give someone a present.
Marjorie: Rudolf? A present? Well sure, I've got a lot of good stuff here... But couldn't you at least tell me who the present is for?
Marjorie: "Someone" doesn't exactly give me a lot to go on.
Marjorie: For Jilliana? I see, so it's for Rudolf's wife.
 Should you be doing that?
 Small beans. Here you go!
Marjorie: Well, aren't you straightforward. Alright, I've already wrapped the present. Take it.
Marjorie: Oh, yes. Don't open it, you hear? Presents are meant to be surprises, after all.
Marjorie: Opening other's presents is hardly considered polite, either.
(Obtain Marjorie's Recommended Gift ×1)
 So, Rudolf wants to give Jilliana a present...
 Sure did.
 Sure did.
Rudolf: So you really did get it. I wonder what it is...
Rudolf: I can't see it? Well, alright then. I mean, I'm sure it's good...
 The dish has gone cold...
 There's been some trouble...
 Those Treasure Hoarders were...
 Uh, about the present...?
 Understood.
 Vile might have some suggestions for us. (Unlocked after completing A Surprise Gift three times)
(See Vile's Version)
 Vile showed us the way.
Jilliana: Vile? How did she know...
 We did.
Rudolf: Oh! Thank you... Wait, did you buy this?
 We should observe for now.
 We've delivered the meal.
 Well, it was about Jilliana...
 Well, we did, but...
 What about Beatrice?
Quinn: Stop talking about that already!
Quinn: Just help me find those goods already, I'll be over here in the meantime, thinking about your special present...
 What about Marjorie, who runs the souvenir shop?
(See Marjorie's Version)
 What about Quinn, the fruit seller? (Unlocked after completing A Surprise Gift once)
(See Quinn's Version)
 What in the world did you put into that present?
Vile: Is that really the question you should be asking?
Vile: What I gave you is something you can ask me about at any time.
Vile: But if you don't catch up to Jilliana now, it could be too late.
 What should I give...
 What were you playing at, putting that thing in the gift!?
Vile: Hey, don't you take that aggressive tone with me. I didn't create Jilliana's problems, alright? The Treasure Hoarders have been extorting her for a very long time already.
Vile: Jilliana will do whatever that guy tells her to in order to protect the life of relative peace she has carved out for herself. She doesn't even try to stand up to him.
Vile: If she wanted, she could just tell Rudolf the truth, and report the whole affair to the Knights of Favonius.
Vile: After all, who's to say Rudolf isn't already aware of his wife's shady past? Maybe he already came to terms with it a long time ago...
Vile: But Jilliana is not about to take a chance on that "maybe," let alone tell anything to the Knights of Favonius.
Vile: Instead, she puts herself at the complete mercy of that guy's demands. If she carries on down this path, sooner or later she's going to run into something far more serious than money troubles.
Vile: Sure, it's painful to face your demons. But so is prolonging the agony. She needs to act a little more ruthlessly to get herself out of the mess she's in and avoid disastrous consequences down the line.
Vile: So, on instructions from a certain gentleman, I took the opportunity presented by this gift to send Jilliana a little knightly assistance, in the form of your gallant self.
 What's his goal?
Vile: His goal? Oh, he said I was free to share that with you.
Vile: He said that even though the Treasure Hoarders can come in handy occasionally, he draws the line at working with anyone who "threatens other people's family."
Vile: He also said, and I quote: "People like that are criminal to the core... all they deserve is to be hunted down and destroyed."
Vile: However, the Knights aren't exactly low key in the way they operate. If they got involved, the first thing to happen would be everyone in the city finding out about Jilliana's personal history...
Vile: There's also no guarantee that they could beat the Treasure Hoarders. They are a highly devious bunch. So, sending you in as a lone ranger was the only option.
Vile: Come on now, don't frown at me. Seriously, if you're looking at someone to blame, it should be that guy you're such good friends with.
 What's your game?
 Why are you here?
Jilliana: I came here to settle some personal matters.
 Why do you want to give a present to Jilliana?
Rudolf: What to you mean, "why?" What sort of question is that?
Rudolf: The point of giving a gift is to give someone a nice surprise, make them happy.
Rudolf: Is there something so unusual about me wanting to make my wife happy?
 Why not learn a few more dishes?
 You don't need us to do anything?
 You should really tell her...
Quinn: No, it's alright. Don't you go telling her either. This doesn't have anything to do with her.
Quinn: This is my store, and my business. I'll solve any problems that crop up myself.
Quinn: It's that simple.
 You were a Treasure Hoarder? But...
 Yup.
Jilliana: ... Forget it. You were here for a while, so I'm sure you've put two and two together.
Jilliana: ...Haha, it's hard to imagine, isn't it? But before I met Rudolf, I did in fact roam the lands as a Treasure Hoarder.
Jilliana: Alright, I've said all that I wanted to say. Now that things have gotten to this point, I can't return to Mondstadt. The Treasure Hoarders won't stand for this...
Jilliana: At least, that was until I met Rudolf, and had Lily...
Jilliana: But a sinner like me... *chuckles*
Jilliana: But eventually, Scrooge discovered that I had fled to Mondstadt, and he threatened Rudolf and Lily in order to extort money from me.
Jilliana: Don't be so disappointed. Observing our surroundings is the most basic of basics for me as a Treasure Hoarder.
Jilliana: Everyone in the Treasure Hoarders would say that they're happy, but not one of us could escape that vicious cycle.
Jilliana: Haha, I suppose that at this point, I should indeed go to Sister Victoria to confess.
Jilliana: I came here to settle some personal matters.
Jilliana: I do hope that Sister Victoria can accept my repentance.
Jilliana: I do hope that Sister Victoria will hear my confession.
Jilliana: I made it sound simple, but I did go through some trials in the process of becoming a sister. Fortunately, Rudolf and Lily stood by me.
Jilliana: I saw a Treasure Hoarder Insignia inside it...
Jilliana: I was afraid, so I've been giving him money all this time. Today should have been the day for payment, and I was prepared to do it, but... the present that Rudolf gave me today...
Jilliana: I was prepared for any outcome... And then, you appeared.
Jilliana: I... I... I...
Jilliana: I... didn't want to be a Treasure Hoarder anymore. So I left secretly, and fled to Mondstadt.
Jilliana: It was Sister Victoria who took me in, then.
Jilliana: No! I... I can't do such a shameful thing to Lord Barbatos!
Jilliana: No! Please! D—Don't hurt them. You... You just want money, right? I'll give it to you...
Jilliana: Oh, you're back. I... I'm plucking up the courage now to go and confess to Sister Victoria.
Jilliana: P—Please don't ask such questions. How am I supposed to answer? A—Anyway, it was all very complicated. I can't quite remember myself.
Jilliana: Rudolf... Lily... But how can I go back and face them now?
Jilliana: Sometimes I'd gather intel in the city, sometimes I'd cheat passers-by out in the wild, and sometimes I'd go tomb raiding together with the other Hoarders...
Jilliana: Sorry. I'd actually detected you a while back. You were hiding in those bushes in the corner, weren't you? You were pretty discreet overall, but you... overlooked a few details.
Jilliana: Still, I only knew that there was someone in the bushes. At first, I thought Scrooge had laid an ambush for me. I never thought that it would be you.
Jilliana: S—So it was you! How did you find this place...
Jilliana: Thank you. I'll return to Mondstadt shortly.
Jilliana: That must have been Scrooge's way of saying that he can simply reach out and control my life as he pleases. I realized that if I continued like this, I would have collapsed, and so... I decided to come here and have it out with him.
Jilliana: There are... many things I still need to settle...
Jilliana: Things are different now. I... I'm no longer a Treasure Hoarder.
Jilliana: T—This is all I have. And I've given you more besides in the past. Isn't that enough?
Jilliana: Vile? How did she know...
Jilliana: We lived free... and empty lives. We'd make money and squander it. Then we'd be forced to find some way to make more money, which we would then squander again.
Jilliana: When she took me in, she didn't ask any questions. Even now, she probably doesn't know that I was once a Treasure Hoarder.
Jilliana: You're shameless!
Jilliana: You're... too much! Fine, then...
Jilliana: Y—you... What are you doing here?
Marjorie: "Someone" doesn't exactly give me a lot to go on.
Marjorie: A present for Jilliana? From you, I presume? You do need to tell me who it's from, because it makes quite a difference in what I'd recommend.
Marjorie: For Jilliana? I see, so it's for Rudolf's wife.
Marjorie: Going shopping without money – were you expecting me to give this to you for free, or something?
Marjorie: Here's the present you wanted. But do remember to bring enough money next time you go shopping.
(Obtain Marjorie's Recommended Gift ×1)
Marjorie: Let me think. Ah, yes, I do have a present that she'll definitely like.
Marjorie: Oh ho. You're quite experienced in helping people choose presents, aren't you? Your conditions are very clear — I can work with this.
Marjorie: Oh, come on, don't just stand there at the door with that hard-done-by look on your face, people will get the wrong idea.
Marjorie: Oh, it's from Rudolf... Hmm...
Marjorie: Oh, yes. Don't open it, you hear? Presents are meant to be surprises, after all.
Marjorie: Okay, I've got it. How about this: You go get me some Windwheel Asters, and once you do, I'll give you this present.
Marjorie: Opening other's presents is hardly considered polite, either.
(Obtain Marjorie's Recommended Gift ×1)
Marjorie: Presents? I've got a lot here. But what do you need them for?
Marjorie: Rudolf? A present? Well sure, I've got a lot of good stuff here... But couldn't you at least tell me who the present is for?
Marjorie: So this is a present that Rudolf wants to give to his wife Jilliana, right?
Marjorie: That said... Hehe, did you bring enough money? This present will run you 900 Mora.
Marjorie: These should be plenty.
Marjorie: Well, aren't you straightforward. Alright, I've already wrapped the present. Take it.
Norma: *sigh* I should just eat in...
Norma: As expected, ordering food is much more convenient...
Norma: But I don't have that kind of free time...
Norma: I don't know how to make a lot of dishes, either, so I've long grown sick of my own cooking...
Norma: I wish I could... if I could go to Liyue, perhaps I could learn a few new tricks.
Norma: It should be here any minute...
Norma: It's still warm, too. I don't have to warm it up again. Thank you.
Norma: Pre-made food is really convenient, and it means I don't have to wash the dishes or clean the kitchen.
Norma: Whoa! You gave me a scare. Your delivery service is really quick.
Norma: Whoa, you scared me! Yes, this is the dish I ordered... you sure do deliver quickly.
Norma: Why do I need to order in even though I live in the city? Well, the thing is...
Paimon: Also, she... seems to know that one Treasure Hoarder over there.
Paimon: But how're we supposed to take that all the way back by ourselves? Hmm... Well, let's take a look.
Paimon: But if Jilliana's in danger, we have to be ready to help.
Paimon: Come to think of it, we've never found out if Jilliana's liked the presents we picked for her or not.
Paimon: Eh? Jilliana's not there? Didn't you say you were going to give her the present?
Paimon: Hehe, maybe we can take this chance and see how she reacts! She'll love it, Paimon's sure of it!
Paimon: How did this happen? ...What in the world did Vile give us?
Paimon: Let's go back and ask her!
Paimon: Let's go find Sara and get another serving... and hope she's not mad at us.
Paimon: Look out! They're coming!
Paimon: Oh no, the cart broke down! ...What do we do?
Paimon: Oh, Paimon wants to get presents from someone too..
Paimon: Over there — that's got to be the cart, right?
Paimon: Phew, at least the cart isn't ruined. But we won't be able to bring it back just by our twosome...
Paimon: Rudolf, too. He's never given those presents to her where we can see 'em before...
Paimon: So much for that idea... Let's go tell Quinn the bad news...
Paimon: That nasty man's about to hurt poor Jilliana! We gotta help her!
Paimon: That's... Jilliana! Why is she hanging out with those Treasure Hoarder types?
Paimon: This plank looks pretty solid to Paimon.
Paimon: This, uh... Yeah, this doesn't look like a plank.
Paimon: Ugh, so it breaks as soon as you touch it...
Paimon: Uh-huh. Let's stay here and watch for a bit.
Paimon: Watch out! Incoming monsters!
Paimon: Well, let's go back and tell Quinn what happened.
Paimon: What's going on...
Paimon: Whoa, looks like this dish has gone cold. Norma's not going to be happy if we take it to her like this...
Paimon: Why is there so many of them? What is in this cart...
Paimon: Wow, he left just like that. Rudolf really is nice to Jilliana, isn't he?
Quinn: *sigh* Alright, I get it. Let me help you think about this. But I'll need your help in exchange.
Quinn: *sigh* Whatever will I do about that cart...
Quinn: A new batch of goods that I ordered hasn't arrived yet. Please help me look for it. I should have something thought out by the time you return...
Quinn: Ah, yes. This is the present. That said, Beatrice was the one who prepared it.
Quinn: Alright you'd best hurry along and deliver that present. I'll go talk to the Knights of Favonius in just a moment.
(Obtain A Gift from Quinn ×1)
Quinn: And don't tell her either, please. I'm not looking forward to explaining this to her...
Quinn: Besides, if anything were to happen to those goods, I would have difficulty doing business tomorrow.
Quinn: But not to worry, Beatrice is very good at picking gifts out for people, so there should be no problem.
Quinn: Great, thanks!
Quinn: Great. What happened to the cargo? What? It was attacked by monsters?
Quinn: Have you found those sturdy wooden planks?
Quinn: I don't know why, but she's always been good at giving people gifts.
Quinn: I just brought it up with her, saying that I might have to give a gift to a female friend, and she had it ready in no time!
Quinn: I'm sorry to trouble you, but could you help me out one more time? Please help me find a few sturdy wooden planks. I'd like to get the cart fixed. Otherwise, it's just going to be stuck over there.
Quinn: I've never seen her this fired up, either. Well, take care of it now. Beatrice's got a good eye for these things... I think.
Quinn: If I don't do that tomorrow, I'll never hear the end of it.
Quinn: It's alright, this isn't your fault. I'll go find the Knights of Favonius in a moment. I can't just leave my goods out there like this.
Quinn: It's that simple.
Quinn: Just help me find those goods already, I'll be over here in the meantime, thinking about your special present...
Quinn: No, it's alright. Don't you go telling her either. This doesn't have anything to do with her.
Quinn: No, of course not. If she knew, there'd be no end to her nagging.
Quinn: Not to mention Beatrice. She always wants me to save a few fruits for her.
Quinn: Of course. It's just a group of monsters. I'll go look for the Knights of Favonius shortly.
Quinn: Oh, don't you worry about it. It's only a small matter. Just come and see me after you find those planks.
Quinn: Oh, right. I have it right here. Well, perhaps I should say that Beatrice prepared it.
Quinn: Remember, it's sturdy wooden planks. Don't go looking for the wrong thing, now.
Quinn: Rudolf wants to give his wife a present...
Quinn: She's always been good at picking presents. I mean, I just brought it up with her, saying that I might have to give a gift to a female friend, and she had this ready in no time at all.
Quinn: She's not fired up usually, but she's got a good eye for these things, so there's no need to worry. Just take it.
Quinn: So why are you asking me about that? I have no experience in this field, and I haven't had time to think about it...
Quinn: So, have you found my goods yet?
Quinn: Stop talking about that already!
Quinn: Thank you!
Quinn: Thanks for taking the trouble to help me. I'll bring the goods and the cart back in no time.
Quinn: That Beatrice...
Quinn: The driver must have been scared off by those monsters. Still, we can't just leave the cart out there. I must inform the Knights of Favonius.
Quinn: This is my store, and my business. I'll solve any problems that crop up myself.
Quinn: Those hateful fellows... Oh, you beat them back? Thank you so much!
Quinn: Those monsters...
Quinn: Ugh, my stocks are running low, and I still need to open for business tomorrow...
Quinn: Well I have no clue either. I didn't open it.
Quinn: Well, did you find the cart with my goods?
Quinn: What am I going to do about that cart...
Quinn: What? Beatrice? What's she got to do with all this? Stop this nonsense!
Quinn: What? The cart's broken down? Those dastardly monsters. And here I was, wondering why my goods hadn't arrived yet!
Rudolf: *sigh* How did this one present cause such a mess...
Rudolf: *sigh* I really can't think of anything... And I'd ask someone in the city, if only I knew who best to ask.
Rudolf: ...Hmm. So as I said, not that often at all! Hahaha...
Rudolf: ...Jilliana's not...
Rudolf: ...Never mind. It's not your fault. It was I who asked you to get that present.
Rudolf: ...Sorry, who was it that you said you got this present from?
Rudolf: ...The carts? Again? He does like to make sure he gets the freshest produce, doesn't he. That's why he sources from outside the city.
Rudolf: ...What in the world happened?
Rudolf: A house specialty? I wonder what that is...
Rudolf: A secret between women... I wonder what sort of secret dish that is?
Rudolf: Alright. Thanks so much, just wait here for a moment.
Rudolf: And it wouldn't do for me to refuse...
Rudolf: Anemo Archon protect us... I... I really don't know what to say anymore.
Rudolf: Anyway, I know her schedule well. I'll pick a moment when she's not as busy to pass her the present.
Rudolf: As I thought, he didn't give up on that batch of goods. When it comes to business, nobody can make him see sense.
Rudolf: Beatrice? What, Beatrice helped Quinn prepare this present... and he asked her to help him with it?
Rudolf: Besides, I want to give her a surprise, so I can't afford to let her know...
Rudolf: But Lily still isn't back yet...
Rudolf: But that said, I should take the time to thank Vile for her help.
Rudolf: But this present should be fine. Beatrice has a good eye.
Rudolf: Could I trouble you to make a trip over to her shop for me? Lily's out at the moment, so I need to wait here until she gets back, since Jilliana's still at work.
Rudolf: Could I trouble you to make the trip for me? Lily's out at the moment, so I need to wait here until she gets back.
Rudolf: Did something happen?
Rudolf: Did you get a present from Marjorie?
Rudolf: Did you get the present?
Rudolf: Did you really? Well, what do you know? Turns out Quinn actually can give people presents. Guess he's made some progress after all...
Rudolf: Don't worry about it. Just wait here, I'll be right back.
Rudolf: Have you gotten a present from Quinn?
Rudolf: Have you obtained a present from Sara?
Rudolf: He's a tough nut to crack, that Quinn... No idea where he gets it from.
Rudolf: Him? Ha, good luck getting any good ideas out of him!
Rudolf: Hmm? You're also planning to give a present to someone?
Rudolf: How peculiar... Jilliana is ever so busy at work, all of a sudden...
Rudolf: Huh. Could we get anything special from a restaurant?
Rudolf: Huh. You left in a hurry just now. Where did you go?
Rudolf: Huh? It was Beatrice who helped him? And he was the one who asked her?
Rudolf: Huh? No, I'm not saying that there's something wrong with Quinn. I just think that if you want to send people presents...
Rudolf: H–How much was it? I'll reimburse you.
Rudolf: I can't see it? Well, alright then. I mean, I'm sure it's good...
Rudolf: I did save a little on the sly. Hold on a moment, let me get it... This should be enough, yes?
Rudolf: I do hope that Jilliana will like it...
Rudolf: I have to go ask Vile first...
Rudolf: I hope Jilliana likes this gift...
Rudolf: I mean, it's a present from me to Jilliana. I can't just spend your money, or hers...
Rudolf: I want to give one to my wife Jilliana, but I have no idea what to pick.
Rudolf: I'll go pass this to Jilliana. She's out at work right now.
Rudolf: Is there something so unusual about me wanting to make my wife happy?
Rudolf: It's been so many years, they should really just... *sigh* Those two...
Rudolf: It's true that I don't know what to give Jilliana. But I fear that he'd have more trouble than me if he were asked to pick something to give Beatrice.
Rudolf: Jilliana already came back. She said that she just remembered an errand she had to run for Sister Victoria, which is why she ran off in a hurry.
Rudolf: Knowing Quinn, though, he won't abandon the goods if he can help it.
Rudolf: Lily and Nora are still playing outside. Once she's back, I'll leave her in Sister Grace's care for a while.
Rudolf: Lily just went off to play and I need to wait here till she comes back, so... could you please go find Vile for me?
Rudolf: Marjorie? Oh, right, she runs that souvenir shop, doesn't she? She certainly would have some choice goods on sale.
Rudolf: No matter how I look at it, it can only be some sort of house specialty.
Rudolf: Now's the perfect time. If I give her a gift while she's hard at work, it will lift her spirits a little.
Rudolf: Oh! Thank you... Wait, did you buy this?
Rudolf: Oh, so you got it very easily. But is that really a problem?
Rudolf: Picking gifts really is an adventure and a half, isn't it...
Rudolf: Right, this is for you, as thanks for your help. I do hope that Jilliana will like this gift...
Rudolf: She started stammering, saying that she'd forgotten something... and then she just ran off. I called out to her, but she wouldn't reply.
Rudolf: She'd loved all the previous ones, so I just gave her the present directly this time around. Who could have known...
Rudolf: So you really did get it. I wonder what it is...
Rudolf: Still, I should thank you for running around at my request this whole time. Please take these. Looks like I have to be careful in selecting presents in the future...
(Obtain Treasure Hoarder Insignia ×3, Mora ×1600)
Rudolf: Still, I think that there's something strange here. The moment she got back, she said there was something else she had to do, leaving me all on my own once again.
Rudolf: Still, you may as well go ask him. For all we know, he might stumble upon the right solution entirely by accident.
Rudolf: Still, you won't know if you don't try... if all else fails, we can order some delicious takeaway.
Rudolf: Thank you so much for your help. I'll take this with me. I believe in Beatrice's eye for presents.
Rudolf: Thank you so much. That fellow is very concerned about his business.
Rudolf: Thank you. How much was it? Let me reimburse you...
Rudolf: That girl, who knows where she's run off to this time...
Rudolf: The point of giving a gift is to give someone a nice surprise, make them happy.
Rudolf: The trouble is, if they take one of the quieter routes they're likely to get ambushed by monsters. They'll scare off the driver and then destroy the cart and all its goods.
Rudolf: Then I'll go search for Jilliana... and find out what happened.
Rudolf: This fellow, he hasn't made a lick of progress at all. In fact, he might be regressing...
Rudolf: This is a token of my appreciation. Please take it.
Rudolf: This is a tough one...
Rudolf: Though — and I can't for the life of me say why — Jilliana seems to be very busy lately. I haven't seen her at all.
Rudolf: Um... Not particularly, no... Just at weekends, and on Mondays... Oh, and on festivals, and on her birthday of course...
Rudolf: Vile, yes, that's right... You see, Jilliana started acting very strangely as soon as she opened it.
Rudolf: Vile? You're familiar with her? I've always found her rather mysterious...
Rudolf: Wait. Beatrice helped him pick this? Really, that guy hasn't made any progress at all, has he?
Rudolf: Well, I have faith in Sara. These are for you — thanks for your help!
Rudolf: Well, I'd say that Beatrice is the better person to ask.
Rudolf: Well, could I trouble you to make the trip? Lily's out at the moment, so I need to wait here until she gets back.
Rudolf: Well, picking presents is like that. You might have a thousand things to choose from, but somehow it always feels impossible to find the perfect one...
Rudolf: What should I give...
Rudolf: What sort of good ideas could Sara have?
Rudolf: What to you mean, "why?" What sort of question is that?
Rudolf: What would she need those for... Forget it. Please take these with my thanks.
Rudolf: Who exactly should I ask?
Rudolf: Why would you want to look for Quinn...
Rudolf: Will she really be able to... Well, I suppose it couldn't hurt to ask her.
Rudolf: Wouldn't it be a bit too plain to give something like this as a gift?
Rudolf: You traded for it? Marjorie took Windwheel Asters in exchange for the present?
Sara: Alright, I can whip something up for you if you insist...
Sara: Alright, go give it to them. There's no rush to deliver this while it's hot. Perhaps you could even say that now isn't the time to eat it...
Sara: Guess there's no choice but to make another serving... Please make haste this time around.
Sara: Hmm, how should I put this? When you want to eat it, you just need to warm it up a bit. As to the "when," we can leave that up to Jilliana.
Sara: I've also finished the specialty dish you ordered for Jilliana. Hehe, since we're both ladies, I'm sure she'll like it. Once she sees it, she'll probably also understand what I...
Sara: If you must know, you can always ask Jilliana.
Sara: It's best eaten hot, so you'll have to hurry before it cools.
Sara: It's done. Come now, there's no time to lose.
(Obtain Norma's Order ×1)
Sara: No! Gifts are supposed to be surprises, I can't be telling you that.
Sara: Oh — and don't steal any bites, I haven't the time to make another serving!
(Obtain Sara's Special Dish ×1)
Sara: Other than specialties, you won't find anything special here.
Sara: Rudolf wants to do that? But if you've come to me... Do you mean to order some specialties?
Sara: Thanks a lot! Off you go.
Sara: Though I'm quite certain she won't tell you either.
Sara: Ugh, this dish has already gone totally cold.
Sara: Well, then I'll get to it. In the meantime, could you help me deliver Norma's order to her?
Sara: You have? Great! That dish gets cold easily, and once it does, it's no longer good.
Sara: Yup, thanks!
Scrooge: "Fine"? Fine what? "Fine, I'll fight you all, right here and now"?
Scrooge: *chuckles* You're quite ruthless, aren't you? Had people lying in wait this whole time, looking to take us out.
Scrooge: ... Jilliana, what do you mean, you're "not doing this anymore"?
Scrooge: And as for your precious husband and daughter... I wonder, do they know what you've done? Or should I give them a little lecture?
Scrooge: At that point, a bit of money from you every so often just ain't going to cut it.
Scrooge: But we aren't going to sit here and take it from you, either. Brothers, get them!
Scrooge: Did you really think that you could wash your hands of us, make a clean break and go live the cushy life once you'd earned enough cash?
Scrooge: Go on, go tell the Knights of Favonius. Let them know that the respected Sister Jilliana is actually a Treasure Hoarder.
Scrooge: Ha! How glib. So says you, but does what you say fly?
Scrooge: Ha, whatever. I'm done talking shop with you. Go get those treasures inside the Cathedral. Or else...
Scrooge: Hahaha! Jilliana, we're Treasure Hoarders! "Shameless" is our middle name!
Scrooge: If not, what do you think the Boss would do to your husband and daughter, what with his temper and all?
Scrooge: Just this much, enough? Forget it. We've lost quite a few gigs because you upped and bailed on us, you know.
Scrooge: Look at yourself, Jilliana. You're the same as ever. You never change.
Scrooge: Look how she acts so compassionate in her guise as a sister! But who knows what thoughts such a person might have in private?
Scrooge: Oh, wait a minute! Ah, I get it. So this is what you meant by "not doing this anymore."
Scrooge: Tch, look at you. You think you're really some kind of sister after a few days in a church? Once a Treasure Hoarder, always a Treasure Hoarder.
Scrooge: Think about it, Jilliana. The only reason why the Boss hasn't come after you yet is because we're covering for you. Old comrades and all, you know?
Scrooge: When the Boss led us on all that money-makin', and while we ate and got fat, you didn't tap out, did you?
Scrooge: Who are you, poking your noses into our business? Scram, or we'll get rid of you, too!
Scrooge: You aren't thinking of breakin' off ties with your brothers, are you?
Scrooge: You owe us that much. Isn't it just courtesy to add a little more on the side? Oh, how about this? I hear that the Cathedral has quite a lot of treasure, so why not...
Scrooge: You weren't bad in a fight, I'll give you that. But I've got a letter with your affairs written on it back home. If I don't return, that letter's going straight to the boss.
Vile: A book? A flower? Toys? Well... let's just put them all in. And, of course, a surprise. A surprise is always necessary...
Vile: After all, who's to say Rudolf isn't already aware of his wife's shady past? Maybe he already came to terms with it a long time ago...
Vile: Ah... Ugh, I said a little too much. Well, that gentleman and you are such close acquaintances, and it was he who requested that you handle this anyway. If you have grievances, take them up with him.
Vile: Alright, don't look at me with so much suspicion. If you've got no faith in the location I gave you, you could always search the entirety of Mondstadt...
Vile: As to who he is... Haha, if I told you that, I might go hungry. So please try to understand.
Vile: But Jilliana is not about to take a chance on that "maybe," let alone tell anything to the Knights of Favonius.
Vile: But if you don't catch up to Jilliana now, it could be too late.
Vile: But it seems that Rudolf's quite spry.
Vile: Come on now, don't frown at me. Seriously, if you're looking at someone to blame, it should be that guy you're such good friends with.
Vile: Come on, I'm just an errand runner... If a certain gentleman hadn't pressed me so hard, I wouldn't have had to resort to this.
Vile: Don't open it, now. A surprise must look the part.
(Obtain Vile's Gift ×1)
Vile: Don't worry, there's nothing of any great price. Just a few things here and there... Let me wrap it for you.
Vile: He also said, and I quote: "People like that are criminal to the core... all they deserve is to be hunted down and destroyed."
Vile: He said that even though the Treasure Hoarders can come in handy occasionally, he draws the line at working with anyone who "threatens other people's family."
Vile: Hey, don't you take that aggressive tone with me. I didn't create Jilliana's problems, alright? The Treasure Hoarders have been extorting her for a very long time already.
Vile: His goal? Oh, he said I was free to share that with you.
Vile: Hmm, and today's the right day, too. Jilliana will definitely like it.
Vile: However, the Knights aren't exactly low key in the way they operate. If they got involved, the first thing to happen would be everyone in the city finding out about Jilliana's personal history...
Vile: If she wanted, she could just tell Rudolf the truth, and report the whole affair to the Knights of Favonius.
Vile: Instead, she puts herself at the complete mercy of that guy's demands. If she carries on down this path, sooner or later she's going to run into something far more serious than money troubles.
Vile: Is that really the question you should be asking?
Vile: Jilliana will do whatever that guy tells her to in order to protect the life of relative peace she has carved out for herself. She doesn't even try to stand up to him.
Vile: Just go over there, quickly. If you're fast enough, maybe you'll be in time to see the show.
Vile: Let me think for a moment. What sort of present would be best? Rudolf, Jilliana, and... Ah yes, they have a daughter, Lily.
Vile: Me? Don't misunderstand me. This wasn't my idea. Or perhaps, I should say that the intent behind what happened wasn't mine.
Vile: More troublesome work...
Vile: No, not at all. It's just a little present, I'm happy to help.
Vile: Oh, my. Well, if you want a present, you've come to the right person. I am the best at picking presents for the people of Mondstadt.
Vile: Oho, aren't you sharp? It seems your adventures weren't a waste of time.
Vile: Rudolf wants to give a gift to Jilliana.
Vile: So, on instructions from a certain gentleman, I took the opportunity presented by this gift to send Jilliana a little knightly assistance, in the form of your gallant self.
Vile: Sure, it's painful to face your demons. But so is prolonging the agony. She needs to act a little more ruthlessly to get herself out of the mess she's in and avoid disastrous consequences down the line.
Vile: There's also no guarantee that they could beat the Treasure Hoarders. They are a highly devious bunch. So, sending you in as a lone ranger was the only option.
Vile: Well, let me think. Her general location should be... there, I've marked it out on the map for you.
Vile: What I gave you is something you can ask me about at any time.
Vile: Why are you still here? Go on now, this surprise is best given sooner, rather than later.
Vile: Why, how carefree of you to stay here and chat with me. Shouldn't you be going after Jilliana?
Vile: Wow, you're back already. You were quicker than I thought.
Vile: Wow, you're back at last. I thought you'd... take longer.