 I have other things to do.
Panicked Myrana: Come on, please... I promise it won't take you too long.
 I'd love to, but I have to get going.
Jack: Please, I'm begging you... I can't let this be where my adventure ends!
 I'm on a tight schedule, sorry.
Anthony: But Anna is waiting for me at home... Please, I really need your help.
 Okay.
Panicked Myrana: Thank you! I hope my two young ones grow up to be kind like you.
 Quest DescriptionA group of hilichurls took advantage of a blocked road to attack Anthony/Jack/Myrana/Quinn. Go help him/her.Anthony: Anthony set off from Mondstadt towards Springvale to find medicine for his sister Anna, but  was set upon by hilichurls along the way. Defeat the hilichurls and save Anthony.Jack: Jack was on his way to a new adventure spot, but has found himself under attack by hilichurls at Drunkard Gorge. Defeat the hilichurls and save Jack.Myrana: Myrana was enjoying a rare opportunity to go out for a walk, but on the way to the winery is stopped and attacked by hilichurls. Defeat the hilichurls and save Myrana.Quinn: As Quinn was transporting fruit back to Mondstadt, his path was blocked near the Thousand Winds Temple, and he was ambushed by hilichurls. Defeat the hilichurls and save Quinn.
 Sorry, I'm busy.
Quinn: Oh... Really? I figured if you help someone out, you see it through all the way... Anyway, you're the only hope I've got.
 Sure.
Anthony: Thank you! I'm going to take a much-needed rest in the meantime...
 Sure.
Jack: *sigh* I wish I was more like you... I'd be a veteran Adventurer by now!
 Sure.
Quinn: Wonderful. I can't thank you enough!
Anthony: Anna's illness never fully goes away. But since we don't have much money, I often come here and gather what medicinal herbs I can.
Anthony: But Anna is waiting for me at home... Please, I really need your help.
Anthony: But at least these medicinal herbs I gathered for Anna are still in good condition.
Anthony: But there's this roadblock here. I can't get through.
Anthony: Haha... I would be able to sort this myself if the hilichurls hadn't just beaten the living daylights out of me. I'm aching all over!
Anthony: Help! Heeeeelp!
Anthony: I managed to get the herbs I was looking for, but then that bunch started attacking me out of nowhere. You got here just in time to save me.
Anthony: I'm sorry... I know this is asking a lot after what you've done for me already, but could you get rid of the roadblock for me?
Anthony: Now the way ahead is clear. Thanks, Traveler.
Anthony: Thank you! I'm going to take a much-needed rest in the meantime...
Anthony: This is for you. I make tea for Anna with it all the time, it helps with her coughing.
Anthony: Whew. Thanks, Traveler...
Anthony: You seem like the outdoors type too. Make sure you look after yourself.
(Obtain Calla Lily  ×4)
Jack: *sigh* I wish I was more like you... I'd be a veteran Adventurer by now!
Jack: ...Even though they're not exactly rations.
(Obtain Apple ×9)
Jack: Can I ask you for a favor...?
Jack: Can you get rid of it for me?
Jack: Help!
Jack: I was on my way to check out somewhere Stanley once went on an adventure. Had I known they would show up...
Jack: I'm going to get moving. This is for you, I've gathered loads on the way to supplement my rations.
Jack: I'm just not strong enough... I know for a fact that Stanley would have had no problem dealing with a group like that.
Jack: Please, I'm begging you... I can't let this be where my adventure ends!
Jack: Thank you so much, Traveler.
Jack: This roadblock here is the only thing getting between me and my adventure...
Jack: Traveler, it's you! Thank you so much.
Jack: Why don't you join me? Join me! ...Ugh, never mind, I can't have someone else doing my adventuring for me...
Panicked Myrana: *sigh* First monsters, now this roadblock... It's hectic enough already back home, there was me thinking this would be a chance to get away from it all for a while!
Panicked Myrana: But please, don't tell anybody I got myself into trouble. My husband will give me an earful if he finds out...
Panicked Myrana: Come on, please... I promise it won't take you too long.
Panicked Myrana: Don't look at me like that... Wait till you're married, you'll see. A solitary stroll is a huge luxury when you're living with someone, you've got to make the most of it.
Panicked Myrana: Here, take this. I picked some while I was out. Much cheaper to cook for yourself than eat at Good Hunter! You have to scrimp and save if you want to get by.
(Obtain Sweet Flower ×10)
Panicked Myrana: H—Help me! Please!
Panicked Myrana: I'm sorry, but is there any chance you could sort out this roadblock situation for me?
Panicked Myrana: Thank you! I hope my two young ones grow up to be kind like you.
Panicked Myrana: Th—Thank you, Traveler...
Panicked Myrana: Th—Thanks so much, Traveler.
Quinn: Can you get rid of the roadblock for me?
Quinn: Help me! Please!
Quinn: I hadn't counted on being held up by a roadblock... and then set upon by that group.
Quinn: If this keeps up much longer, all this fruit is going to go bad... after I spent so long gather it, too.
Quinn: My plan was to pick some fruit here then sell it back in the city.
Quinn: Oh... Really? I figured if you help someone out, you see it through all the way... Anyway, you're the only hope I've got.
Quinn: Okay, I'm going back to Mondstadt. Do stop by the shop if you're ever in town!
Quinn: Take these as a token of my gratitude. See how fresh they are? That's why Beatrice is always trying to buy them from me.
(Obtain Apple ×9)
Quinn: Thank goodness you came. *sigh* But I'm stuck here while this roadblock continues.
Quinn: Thank you so much, Traveler.
Quinn: Thanks for getting rid of them, Traveler.
Quinn: Wonderful. I can't thank you enough!