 All done.
 I can help.
Adelinde: Do you know how to sweep? Actually, scrap that, we're so short-staffed that I should be taking all the help I can get.
 I'm an excellent sweeper.
Adelinde: Really? That's wonderful. Well, since you're willing, I'll gladly take you up on the offer.
 Quest DescriptionAfter the storm, head housemaid Adelinde is preparing to render the Dawn Winery spick and span on the inside and out, but things aren't going so smoothly...
 What's up?
Adelinde: Ah, hello, Traveler. Welcome to the Dawn Winery. The storm may have passed, but here at the Winery we're still cleaning up the mess it made.
Adelinde: And if I'd gotten the girls to do it... Who knows how many items they'd end up destroying in the process...
Adelinde: Clean the place again, and I want it spotless this time! This is about making a good first impression!
Adelinde: Do you know how to sweep? Actually, scrap that, we're so short-staffed that I should be taking all the help I can get.
Adelinde: Finished?
Adelinde: Follow me indoors, there's plenty of cleaning that needs doing in there, too.
Adelinde: I'm extremely grateful for your help. If you could, please clean up as soon as you can.
Adelinde: I'm trying to organize the cleanup operation, but these girls, they—
Adelinde: I've finally made some progress with the cleaning now that the storm is over, but the floor is a whole other story... it's so dusty, I don't know if it'll ever be fully clean again. Ugh, what a nuisance...
Adelinde: It's so wonderful that you are able to help out. I know I have Moco and Hillie, but... *sigh* they're more a hindrance, to be honest...
Adelinde: Next time you visit, the Winery will be spotless.
Adelinde: Really? That's wonderful. Well, since you're willing, I'll gladly take you up on the offer.
Adelinde: Thank you, please take these. I do apologize for troubling you, a visitor, with the work of a Winery maid.
Adelinde: That storm brought tons of dust in, and even though we closed the doors and windows, they still flew in through the tiny gaps.
Adelinde: These kids... Ugh, they're so sloppy. I don't know how we'll ever get through it all at their rate of progress. And even after that, there's still the indoors that needs cleaning.
Adelinde: While the storm was still raging, I had to store the plates and bowls upside down every night, because by the following morning they'd be caked in dust.
Adelinde: Wonderful, this was a huge help. I can't imagine how long this would have taken me by myself.
Adelinde: Yes, you've said that already, thank you very much! Now, why don't you put your efforts into cleaning instead of standing here apologizing to me? Shoo!
Hillie: Ugh, the Winery is just too big. How are we supposed to clean the whole place?
Hillie: We'll be more careful this time, Ms. Adelinde!
Moco: After cleaning the outside, there's still the inside to do. Are we ever gonna get this place clean...
Moco: Sorry, Ms. Adelinde!
Paimon: Looks like we're all done and dusted with doing the dusting! Let's report back to Adelinde.
Paimon: The floorboards are really dirty. What happened here...