 Allow me.
Moco: Seriously? You're awesome! Thanks.
 Every last one.
 I, ah...
 It was an accident...
 Quest DescriptionAt the behest of head housemaid Adelinde, maids Moco and Hillie have begun cleaning up. However, they seem to have run into a spot of trouble...
 So, the leaves are hard to get rid of?
Hillie: When they're mixed in with the hay they sure are. We have to pick them out one by one, which takes forever...
Hillie: If you've got a better idea, I'm all ears!
 What's up?
Hillie: Adelinde is totally gonna freak out...
Hillie: And we didn't even clear out all the leaves.
Hillie: Darn it... There's no way back from this...
Hillie: Did you get them all?
Hillie: Gee thanks... now Adelinde's gonna freak out for sure — and on top of that, she's definitely gonna fire us too!
Hillie: If we keep on at this pace, the head housemaid Adelinde is gonna freak out... What're we gonna do?
Hillie: If you've got a better idea, I'm all ears!
Hillie: It's our fault for getting someone to help who doesn't know a thing about cleaning.
Hillie: Most places were fine, but there are all these haystacks lying around.
Hillie: Please take these as our thank-you gift.
Hillie: She's gonna be so mad...
Hillie: They're bound pretty tight, so at least they didn't get blown away in the wind. But still, a load of leaves got blown in among the hay.
Hillie: Traveler, you're the best person ever!
Hillie: When they're mixed in with the hay they sure are. We have to pick them out one by one, which takes forever...
Moco: Connor said he's storing them here because he needs them for something.
Moco: How did it go?
Moco: Oh my gosh, you're awesome!
Moco: Right, we've got other places to clean now. Thanks again! See you.
Moco: Seriously? You're awesome! Thanks.
Moco: So, Adelinde asked us to tidy up the area around the Winery.
Moco: Thanks! Now Adelinde won't be on our backs.
Moco: Traveler, you'd better get outta here. This was our responsibility.
Moco: Ugh, my clothes are filthy now.
Moco: Ugh, we should've just kept on picking them out one by one.
Moco: We worked really hard at it, but we still didn't manage to get all the leaves out.
Moco: What did you go and do that for!? You've burned down the haystack!
Moco: What is Adelinde gonna do when she finds out...
Moco: What're we gonna do!?
Moco: What're we gonna do?
Paimon: Not a bad idea!
Paimon: Ooh, you can use Anemo to blow all the leaves out from the haystack.
Paimon: Wh—What're we gonna do now? The whole thing went up in smoke...
Paimon: Yikes, fire! It's fire!