 I'd like to have the recipe for this third dish, too.
Cloud Retainer: Your aid shall not be forgotten. For the completion of this errand shall one await you here.
 I'm not ready yet.
Cloud Retainer: Hmm. Ready yourself, then, and inform one once it is so.
 It sure seems to have no shortage of functions, huh.
Cloud Retainer: Ah! Falsehoods. This device does not lack for missing functions. The ability to automatically gather ingredients, for one. Or automatic heat control, for that matter... one could go on.
Cloud Retainer: Many improvements still must one make to it in the coming days.
 Of you?
 Of your Supreme Cuisine Machine?
 Quest DescriptionCloud Retainer is preparing to use the "Supreme Cuisine Machine" to make three all-new dishes...
 The adepti really are powerful.
Cloud Retainer: One would prefer that you saved that praise for the Supreme Cuisine Machine's faculties.
 They call it Chilled Meat.
 Too cold to fly, are we?
Cloud Retainer: Nonsense! How daring of you, to gainsay one's adeptal might! One is merely... occupied repairing these devices!
Cloud Retainer: Depart now. One grows impatient.
 What kind of dish are you going to make this time?
 Yep, I'm ready.
Cloud Retainer: Then let us begin.
Cloud Retainer: Supreme Cuisine Machine... activate!
Cloud Retainer: 'Tis so. The completion of these three dishes has proven the reliability of one's Supreme Cuisine Machine.
Cloud Retainer: ...What manner of morsel is this?
Cloud Retainer: A fancy did one take to it, and thus created a new recipe, "Braised Meat," with this culinary technique as its heart.
Cloud Retainer: A measure of faith one has that you shall not decline should that time come. Most highly does one regard your abilities and trustworthiness, after all.
Cloud Retainer: Ah! Falsehoods. This device does not lack for missing functions. The ability to automatically gather ingredients, for one. Or automatic heat control, for that matter... one could go on.
Cloud Retainer: Ah, yes, lest one forgets... Your Braised Meat recipe. With but one difference — this recipe involves the use of normal Raw Meat instead.
Cloud Retainer: Allow one to restart it...
Cloud Retainer: Are you fully prepared, Traveler?
Cloud Retainer: But no matter. One has ingredients to spare with which to attempt this once more.
Cloud Retainer: Chilled Meat... An apt name indeed.
Cloud Retainer: Depart now. One grows impatient.
Cloud Retainer: Fortunately, defrosting counts among the Supreme Cuisine Machine's functions.
Cloud Retainer: Hmm. Ready yourself, then, and inform one once it is so.
Cloud Retainer: Hmm. The mechanism has come to a halt. 'Tis [sic] must be the biting cold.
Cloud Retainer: How goes your search? Secured the ingredients one desires, have you?
(Opens item submission menu)
Cloud Retainer: It is of fair quality, too. Still, we shall need a small fire to thaw it out.
Cloud Retainer: Many improvements still must one make to it in the coming days.
Cloud Retainer: Mmm... A most wonderful flavor. One would have expected no less...
Cloud Retainer: Nonsense! How daring of you, to gainsay one's adeptal might! One is merely... occupied repairing these devices!
Cloud Retainer: Now then, Traveler, pursue the scent one has put you on and retrieve the ingredients one requires.
Cloud Retainer: Now, this dish is hardly too tall a task for one's Supreme Cuisine Machine, but meat is key to this dish, and none but the best shall one have.
Cloud Retainer: One could not call the heat control desirable...
Cloud Retainer: One deems that it might be inconvenient for you to scale this frigid mountain each time you wish to eat this meal...
Cloud Retainer: One is aware, Traveler, of your wealth of adventuring experience. Surely, then, a mere snowy mountain will prove no obstacle to you.
Cloud Retainer: One shall entrust the heat control to you, Traveler.
Cloud Retainer: One thus requests that you go forthwith and retrieve some ingredients once more.
Cloud Retainer: One would have you report your readiness once you are sufficiently prepared.
Cloud Retainer: One would prefer that you saved that praise for the Supreme Cuisine Machine's faculties.
Cloud Retainer: Ordinary meat shall serve in ordinary occasions.
Cloud Retainer: Regardless, you have one's thanks for your aid in foraging for ingredients.
Cloud Retainer: Should one require any further succor... perhaps one shall call upon you again.
Cloud Retainer: Supreme Cuisine Machine... activate!
Cloud Retainer: The azure trees stand tall amid the snowy scene, the land is lonely and tranquil. Verily does one's third dish suit this atmosphere.
Cloud Retainer: The heat control shall still be left in your hands, Traveler.
Cloud Retainer: The snow and wind drive hard here, and makes for slow work.
Cloud Retainer: Then let us begin.
Cloud Retainer: This should resolve the issue. Now then, Traveler, pursue the scent one has put you on and retrieve those ingredients.
Cloud Retainer: Thus did one activate a mechanism and pursue the scent of fine ingredients to this place.
Cloud Retainer: To one's abode one must now return, and make further improvements to this device. Let us part here, then.
Cloud Retainer: We have but to solve the two issues of heat control and the automatic retrieval of ingredients, and this machine shall truly have achieved "all-in-one cooking."
Cloud Retainer: We shall cease the idle talk there. The ingredients are prepared, one shall activate this device immediately.
Cloud Retainer: Well. Have you ever heard tell of a method known as "braising"? This technique did one discover upon reading through some culinary tomes.
Cloud Retainer: Well? Is the Braised Meat complete?
(Opens item submission menu)
Cloud Retainer: Your aid shall not be forgotten. For the completion of this errand shall one await you here.
Paimon: Hmm, maybe the mechanism's got something to do with this aura trail?
Paimon: How did this huge snowboar get in here?
Paimon: Huh, so there was a huge Snowboar behind this door — and it's all frozen, too!
Paimon: Huh? That place suddenly lit up! Did you step on something?
Paimon: So that's where the aura was coming from. Well, guess this is what we're looking for.
Paimon: That smells great! It's a success for sure!
(Obtain Piping-Hot Braised Meat ×3)
Paimon: The aura trail leads here...
Paimon: This doesn't seem right. How are we supposed to unlock this mechanism...
Paimon: Uh, seems like we failed...
Paimon: We've got it! The door's opening!
Paimon: Why's this aura trail so... messy...