 Can't you fly...
 Could you sell me some rice?
 How can this machine seemingly do everything...
Cloud Retainer: Cunning one's hands are, and no less should be expected of one's hand-crafted masterwork. Hardly a cause for alarm, one would say.
 I don't think I can carry so many goods...
Brunn: Don't worry, I have a solution.
 I'm not ready yet.
Cloud Retainer: Hmm. Ready yourself, then, and inform one once it is so.
 I'm ready.
Cloud Retainer: Then let us begin.
Cloud Retainer: Supreme Cuisine Machine... activate!
 Leave it to me.
Brunn: Thank you! I'm counting on you then!
 Let's not get all high-strung here...
 Quest DescriptionCloud Retainer seems to want to use this "Supreme Cuisine Machine" to create a new dish...
 Sounds really filling...
 What are you making this time?
 What kind of goods are you transporting?
 Why is it me again...
Brunn: *sigh* Just my luck. I was originally transporting a batch of cargo...
Brunn: After I got here, I thought I had completely shaken them off. That's why I wanted to get out of the cart and check the goods.
Brunn: Bring my transport balloon along and place the goods on it.
Brunn: But they suddenly came out of nowhere... Thank goodness for your help.
Brunn: But... I never expected to get attacked by monsters while I was on my way.
Brunn: Did you bring the goods back? Thank you so much, Traveler!
Brunn: Don't worry, I have a solution.
Brunn: I hope I don't meet any more monsters...
Brunn: I just kept running, I didn't have time to worry about the goods, or to tell which way I was going... Eventually, I ended up here.
Brunn: I'll leave it to you, Traveler. I'll be waiting for you here. After you get the goods, please bring them back to me.
Brunn: I'm transporting a batch of ingredients, rice and stuff like that...
Brunn: I—If you are willing to help me, I will give you as much rice as you want!
Brunn: Thank you! I'm counting on you then!
Brunn: Thank you! You saved my life... I'm Brunn, a merchant.
Brunn: Thank you, Traveler. I should be on my way now.
Brunn: There! This rice is for you, it should be enough.
Brunn: Those monsters must have brought the goods as loot back to their camp.
Brunn: Traveler... I see that you are very skilled. Can you help me get those goods back?
Brunn: What a headache. How can I get those goods back? If I can't get them back, I will lose a lot of money...
Brunn: You want to buy rice? It's not that I don't want to sell it, it's just that...I basically lost all the goods in my cart on the road when I was running away.
Brunn: You wanted... rice, right? Please wait a moment, I will pick rice of better quality for you...
Cloud Retainer: ...Along with the addition of rice.
Cloud Retainer: Are you fully prepared, Traveler?
Cloud Retainer: As before, in your hands shall one leave the heat control, Traveler.
Cloud Retainer: But no matter. One has ingredients to spare with which to attempt this once more.
Cloud Retainer: Changes and improvements, too, has one made to it...
Cloud Retainer: Cunning one's hands are, and no less should be expected of one's hand-crafted masterwork. Hardly a cause for alarm, one would say.
Cloud Retainer: Hmm. Ready yourself, then, and inform one once it is so.
Cloud Retainer: Impeccable timing, Traveler. One just finished ruminating on the making of this next dish — a "pudding," so it is named.
Cloud Retainer: Indeed, this is most fine. Just the quality that one needs.
Cloud Retainer: Mm, a lovely flavor indeed. No less would one expect of oneself, or one's own Supreme Cuisine Machine. Haha!
Cloud Retainer: Much consultation did one have with the most recent and popular recipes before deciding on this dish. It is said to be soft and tasty — a fine dessert indeed.
Cloud Retainer: Naturally, one's entitlement it is to name this new dish. Mmm... "Rice Pudding" shall its name be.
Cloud Retainer: Now then, Traveler, pursue the scent one has put you on and retrieve the requisite Rice.
Cloud Retainer: One could not call the heat control desirable...
Cloud Retainer: One shall entrust the heat control to you, Traveler.
Cloud Retainer: One wonders if this device may make desserts also...
Cloud Retainer: One would have you report your readiness once you are sufficiently prepared.
Cloud Retainer: Since the ingredients are readied, one shall now activate the machine.
Cloud Retainer: Skilled you are in mind and hand, and are thus an invaluable helper. Go forth to one's aid, and one promises that you shall have a share in the Rice Pudding also.
Cloud Retainer: Supreme Cuisine Machine... activate!
Cloud Retainer: The quality of the rice is key to this dish. Upon one's activation of the Supreme Cuisine Machine, order it one did to search for high-quality rice. The resulting search led one here.
Cloud Retainer: Then let us begin.
Cloud Retainer: This device needs tending, and one cannot be in two places at once.
Cloud Retainer: Traveler, have you secured the requisite Rice?
(Opens item selection menu)
Cloud Retainer: Traveler, one has now activated the machine. Follow the tracks it has created and retrieve the Rice that one desires.
Cloud Retainer: Well now, Traveler. Since you are presently here, will you help one collect some rice of fine stock? The Machine indicates that it may be found not far from here.
Cloud Retainer: Well then, one presumes upon your aid.
Cloud Retainer: Well then. Is the Rice Pudding complete?
(Opens item selection menu)
Cloud Retainer: What then shall one cook next? Hmm...
Cloud Retainer: Your hand in this matter was mighty also, Traveler. Come. Prepared one has your recipe, as promised.
Paimon: C'mon, up and at 'em! We can't let them get away with the ingredients!
Paimon: Eek! Look out, monsters incoming!
Paimon: Good thing we've got that transport balloon with us, huh? Come on, let's move this cargo back.
Paimon: Is that a Slime Balloon? Guess the hilichurls are moving cargo, too.
Paimon: Looks like this is the place...
Paimon: Looks like this is the rice that the adeptus wanted us to find, but it doesn't look like there's much left...
Paimon: Scratch one Slime Balloon! Bet those hilichurls aren't moving their cargo too far today!
Paimon: Someone's been surrounded by monsters up ahead. Let's go help them out!
Paimon: That smells great! It's a success for sure!
Paimon: These should be the goods we're looking for. Wow, that's a lot of stuff...
Paimon: This should be the place...
Paimon: Uh, seems like we failed...
You and Paimon escort the transport balloon and return to where Brunn is...