 "Adventure fuel"?
 Leave it to me.
Harris: Thanks.
 Quest DescriptionThe aroma of food wafts toward you from a camp below Dragonspine — but Chef Harris seems anxious about something...
 This Cream Stew is for you.
 Where do I find her?
Harris: She said that the camp is partway up the mountain.
Harris: She's a seasoned adventurer and knows to exercise caution. She won't have strayed far from the camp.
 Will you climb further up the mountain?
Harris: But still, camping up in the mountain, out in the snow... I feel like a hot meal would give her the extra energy she needs.
Harris: How can she go adventuring without her adventure fuel...
Harris: I, however, wouldn't dare make the trip myself... what about you? Could you deliver this Cream Stew to Iris for me?
Harris: Oh, I mean hot food. I was talking about Iris, the explorer — she should really get some hot food in her...
Harris: She said that the camp is partway up the mountain.
Harris: She wants to organize an expedition into the mountains for a team of explorers. But she plans to head up alone first, camp out for a bit, and observe the conditions before coming up with a definite plan.
Harris: She's a seasoned adventurer and knows to exercise caution. She won't have strayed far from the camp.
Harris: Thanks.
Harris: That said, worst-case scenario, if you run into trouble along the way and the food becomes collateral damage, just come back here and I'll cook you a new one.
(Obtain Harris' Special Cream Stew ×1)
Harris: The camp isn't all that far away, and it's still easy enough getting supplies delivered there...
Harris: This dish has been made fresh and is still piping hot. You'd better get it to Iris quickly. In these conditions, it'll go cold fast, and it won't be worth eating if that happens.
Harris: This dish is a write-off once it goes cold. You should get going.
Iris: Ah, Harris must have sent you. Thank you.
Iris: Haha, I'm just joking. As an adventurer, I know when to grin and bear it when it comes to food.
Iris: Hmm? What are you doing here? Are you an explorer, too?
Iris: I'd better not get used to his delicious cooking, or I'll never be able to go back to those dehydrated meal replacements...
Iris: I'm not going to advance before it's safe to do so, though. After a little more observation here, I'll head back to camp, draw up a plan of action, and then make my decision.
Iris: Of course, this camp is just a stopover. I'll wait for a good opportunity, then see if I can set up camp a bit further on.
Iris: Safe to say there'll be no hot food after that point.
Iris: Thanks for coming all this way just to get some food to me. Here, take these in return.
Paimon: Let's ask Harris for a fresh serving.
Paimon: This dish has gone stone cold, we can't deliver it now...