
Paimon: Aw, come on!

Paimon: Dragonspine really is cold, though. When we were last trying to reach the summit, Paimon was so cold that her brain almost stopped working...
Paimon: But the view's great, though! Since we can see this place from Mt. Yougou, we could probably see Mt. Yougou from Dragonspine's summit, too!
Paimon: And Starglow Cavern's really deep, too. Maybe we might find some never-before-seen treasure in there...

Paimon: Dragonspine's freezing, but unlike other places in Mondstadt, the air here is very refreshing. Really good for clearing our heads!
Paimon: There's a lot of places here that we haven't been to, too.
Paimon: If we've got a chance in the future, (Traveler), we should go further into Dragonspine — we might find some treasure long-buried beneath the ice!

Paimon: Hmm, even though we managed to raise that huge pillar on the mountaintop...
Paimon: D—Dragonspine is just... super c—cold no matter how many times we come here... Ugh...
"Kichiboushi": Mmhaha! White Fur weak.
Paimon: What!?

Paimon: Ugh...
Paimon: D—Dragonspine is super c—cold no matter how many times we come here... Ugh...
"Kichiboushi": Mmhaha! White Fur weak.
Paimon: Eh!?

Paimon: What!?
 (You explain the concept of a photo to Kichiboushi!)
 Also, it's not (Uncle/Aunt). It's Big (Bro/Sis).
 As long as you're having fun.
"Kichiboushi": Yellow Fur very strong. Kapow — big and round thing gone.
 That's because I train regularly, you know?
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Kichiboushi, become strong like Yellow Fur!
"Kichiboushi": Train, train, and train. Strong-strong!
 What do you plan to do once you become stronger, Kichiboushi?
"Kichiboushi": Get back at Gyouban Koban, mmhaha!
"Kichiboushi": Then make Ioroi not stone.
 Good luck. As for your training route, just leave it to us.
"Kichiboushi": Mm!
 Cryo, most likely.
Paimon: Eh? If that's the case, the Cryo elements within the snow must be making this place colder...
"Kichiboushi": C—Cold. So much snow.
 Don't hurt your head, now.
 Don't laugh at people, Kichiboushi.
 Good Kichiboushi! You get a gold star!
 Good idea.
 Good luck. As for your training route, just leave it to us.
 Human magic's pretty impressive, eh?
Ioroi: Oohhh... How could this be...
Paimon: Oh, come on, stop picking on Ioroi already. That's a "photo," and it's a kind of drawing. Look over there. Kichiboushi's fine, isn't he?
 Hydro, I think.
Paimon: Hmm. If that's the case, the Hydro elements must've frozen and become snow because the place is too cold.
"Kichiboushi": C—Cold. So much snow.
 I've beaten one even larger than this.
 If you run into any danger...
 Just holler "there's treasure"!
 It might be a bake-danuki ability of some sort.
 It went quite smoothly, not to worry.
 It's been tiring business.
Paimon: But it's also really fun. And we got to revisit places we went to before, too.
 It's only good if everyone can laugh together.
 It's probably Kaeya's fault.
Paimon: "Don't get frostbite."
Paimon: Still, Paimon doubts that Kaeya's that strong.
"Kichiboushi": Mm?
 Just holler "there's treasure"!
 Kichiboushi seems pretty happy.
 Let's have fun then. See you later.
"Kichiboushi": Yey!
 Looks like the two of you will get along well, Paimon.
 Not afraid of the cold, Kichiboushi?
 Paimon's gotta eat, so I've gotta hunt.
Paimon: Now that's just rude!
 Quest DescriptionYou agreed to Ioroi's request to "bring Kichiboushi out to train."Your first stop is Dragonspine, which Ioroi once saw on the ocean's far side from atop Mt. Yougou.
 Step Description"Very big, very cold, very round.""The Great Snowboar King is very strong... but very delicious."
 Take your time, Paimon.
 That was a bit more comprehensible than "Squelch squelch Lavender Melon"...
 That was even harder than "Lavender Melon Kapow"...
"Kichiboushi": Hehe, Lavender Melon Kapow.
Paimon: What is that even supposed to mean!?
 That's because I train regularly, you know?
 This is a photo, and it's a kind of drawing.
Paimon: Exactly. Look, Kichiboushi's just fine.
 Traveling with Kichiboushi's been pretty fun.
 Well, no need to force yourself either.
 What do you plan to do once you become stronger, Kichiboushi?
"Kichiboushi":  Eee—! So big! So cold! And sooo round!
"Kichiboushi": "Snow"? Things fall from Sacred Sakura... "Sakurafubuki"... Snow?
"Kichiboushi": Become human things, can play with humans.
"Kichiboushi": B—but very fun. White everywhere.
"Kichiboushi": Creatures...
"Kichiboushi": C—Cold. So much snow.
"Kichiboushi": Difficult to remember. Bothersome, White Fur and Yellow Fur.
"Kichiboushi": Eight tatami Kapow.
"Kichiboushi": Get back at Gyouban Koban, mmhaha!
"Kichiboushi": Go! Go!
"Kichiboushi": Gold star! Yey!
"Kichiboushi": Hehe, Lavender Melon Kapow.
"Kichiboushi": Hot, hot! But fun!
"Kichiboushi": It's v—very cold. Very very cold.
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi stop laughing. Only laugh together good.
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi, flip-flap, kapow!
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi, want play in snow!
"Kichiboushi": Laughing, not good?
"Kichiboushi": Mm!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Kichiboushi, become strong like Yellow Fur!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Snow cold, but very fun.
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Snow! Cold! So cold!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Training is fun!
"Kichiboushi": Mm.
"Kichiboushi": Mm. Snow mountain fun! Go, go!
"Kichiboushi": Mm?
"Kichiboushi": Mm? Kichiboushi, me. Only one.
"Kichiboushi": Mmhaha! White Fur weak.
"Kichiboushi": Mmhaha. Stupid.
"Kichiboushi": Mmhahaha! Slow, slow, weak!
"Kichiboushi": Mountain with snow to be cold? Or the cold mountain has snow?
"Kichiboushi": Oh. Strange.
"Kichiboushi": Or else, humans not play with Kichiboushi.
"Kichiboushi": Sealed?
"Kichiboushi": Snow mountain has bake-danuki? But no smell.
"Kichiboushi": So it's artwork! White Fur silly. Mmhaha!
"Kichiboushi": Stubborn. Mm!
"Kichiboushi": Then make Ioroi not stone.
"Kichiboushi": This, just like Kichiboushi. Hehe.
"Kichiboushi": Train, train, and train. Strong-strong!
"Kichiboushi": Treasure! Treasure, good thing!
"Kichiboushi": Understand. Sorry, (Uncle/Aunt) Yellow Fur.
"Kichiboushi": White Fur and Yellow Fur, not have?
"Kichiboushi": White Fur flip-flap, Yellow Fur flip-flap. So White Fur and Yellow Fur, having.
"Kichiboushi": White Fur, strange. Okay.
"Kichiboushi": Yellow Fur very strong. Kapow — big and round thing gone.
"Kichiboushi": Yellow Fur, powerful. Very, very strong!
"Kichiboushi": Yey!
"Kichiboushi": Yey! Play!
"Kichiboushi": ?
"Kichiboushi: Mountain, there!
Ioroi: ...Ooh! I understand! It's magic, isn't it? Hahaha, much progress have you made in so short a time, Kichiboushi!
Ioroi: Ah, but am I not the world-renowned king of bake-danuki? Of course I knew what this "Kimera" was! I was merely testing Kichiboushi!
Ioroi: Ahem. Well, whatever the case, it appears that Kichiboushi's training proceeds most well indeed.
Ioroi: Ahhh! Kichiboushi! Why is Kichiboushi sealed upon this vellum?
Ioroi: Eh? Two Kichiboushis... But how? What magic is this?
Ioroi: Is... Is this a Hell Painting? How comes it into your hands? How?
Ioroi: Kichiboushi presently only has about half of mine stature in those days. So, perhaps eight places shall do for his training regimen.
Ioroi: Mm, good, good. Then I leave the rest to you.
Ioroi: Ooh, you've returned! Nothing hurt withall? No colds caught? Not hungry, I hope?
Ioroi: Oohhh... How could this be...
Ioroi: Take this child to see the outside world. That which I cannot do myself, I leave to you.
Ioroi: That I shall.
Ioroi: Thus, I shall let you decide where he shall go.
Ioroi: When I was yet a young tanuki, I once traveled to 18 sacred sites, treading the tanuki paths as I went — that was how I became the mighty lord of bake-danuki.
Ioroi: You are unlike other humans. You treat us tanuki well, as good people should. And you are quite sturdy for humans, too. Kichiboushi will learn much by traveling with you.
Kichiboushi creates what seems to be an airbag.Using its powers of flotation and the chilling winds of Dragonspine, he floats to the other side of the cliff.
Kichiboushi: Mm!
Paimon:  Eek! Looks like we've startled something huge!
Paimon:  Why the emphasis on "round"? Nevermind! Hide somewhere quick, Kichiboushi! Leave this to (Traveler)!
Paimon: "Don't get frostbite."
Paimon: ...
Paimon: ...Whoa, what in the world was that?
Paimon: Ah yes, we've brought a souvenir with us, too!
Paimon: Alrighty then! Stay right there, Kichiboushi!
Paimon: And Starglow Cavern's really deep, too. Maybe we might find some never-before-seen treasure in there...
Paimon: Argh, this guy isn't cute at all!
Paimon: Aw, come on!
Paimon: But it's also really fun. And we got to revisit places we went to before, too.
Paimon: But the view's great, though! Since we can see this place from Mt. Yougou, we could probably see Mt. Yougou from Dragonspine's summit, too!
Paimon: But there's a cliff ahead of us right now. Would you like us to carry you over?
Paimon: Come on! Why'd you call Paimon weak, then?
Paimon: Creatures... You mean these Snowboars?
Paimon: Don't be ridiculous!
Paimon: Don't you worry, Ioroi. Leave Kichiboushi to us!
Paimon: Don't you worry, Kichiboushi! (Traveler) and Paimon will play with you!
Paimon: Dragonspine really is cold, though. When we were last trying to reach the summit, Paimon was so cold that her brain almost stopped working...
Paimon: Dragonspine's freezing, but unlike other places in Mondstadt, the air here is very refreshing. Really good for clearing our heads!
Paimon: D—Dragonspine is just... super c—cold no matter how many times we come here... Ugh...
Paimon: D—Dragonspine is super c—cold no matter how many times we come here... Ugh...
Paimon: Eh!?
Paimon: Eh?
Paimon: Eh? If that's the case, the Cryo elements within the snow must be making this place colder...
Paimon: Eh? Nearby? Huh…
Paimon: Eh? You're not done playing? Hey, Kichiboushi, be careful!
Paimon: Exactly. Look, Kichiboushi's just fine.
Paimon: Feels like it should be nine places, but whatever... Where should we bring Kichiboushi next?
Paimon: Grr...
Paimon: He transformed! Guess he's more adaptable than expected, huh?
Paimon: Hehe, well, there's no good life or food without treasure! Kichiboushi's pretty smart, huh?
Paimon: Hehe, well, we never know when you'll come around here again, so it would be nice to leave a memory of your trip! It'll also help us prove to Ioroi that we did take you traveling!
Paimon: Hey, don't catch a cold now!
Paimon: Hmm, even though we managed to raise that huge pillar on the mountaintop...
Paimon: Hmm, how should we put it? Laughing's good, yeah, but laughing at other people isn't.
Paimon: Hmm, speaking of which, do you wanna take a picture of Kichiboushi here, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Hmm. If that's the case, the Hydro elements must've frozen and become snow because the place is too cold.
Paimon: Hmm... What places should we visit...
Paimon: Huh, but Paimon didn't expect that you knew of sakurafubuki, Kichiboushi. Guess that's the bake-danuki of Inazuma for you, huh.
Paimon: Huh, but it was either Gyoubu Koban or Shousei who turned into a torch the previous time. Do you tanuki enjoy turning into torches?
Paimon: If we've got a chance in the future, (Traveler), we should go further into Dragonspine — we might find some treasure long-buried beneath the ice!
Paimon: Mm, we'll talk again once Paimon's figured this all out! For now, Paimon's kinda hungry.
Paimon: Mm... Then let's stop here for now. You're tired too, aren't you, Kichiboushi?
Paimon: No, no. Snow is the super cold stuff around Dragonspine.
Paimon: Now that's just rude!
Paimon: Oh, come on, stop picking on Ioroi already. That's a "photo," and it's a kind of drawing. Look over there. Kichiboushi's fine, isn't he?
Paimon: Oh, right! Did the picture come out okay?
Paimon: Ooh, sounds good! Don't worry, leave this to us! Let Paimon think...
Paimon: Paimon's name is Paimon, and Big (Bro/Sis) Yellow Fur is (Traveler). You've got to remember that, Kichiboushi!
Paimon: Phew, that's over! Are you okay, Kichiboushi?
Paimon: So this is bake-danuki magic, huh? Ohh, we're not losing to him!
Paimon: Still, Paimon doubts that Kaeya's that strong.
Paimon: Still, what was that trick Kichiboushi used? One moment he created that balloon with a "swoosh," and then "swish," he went floating right over. It looked pretty cool!
Paimon: That let's go back and report to Ioroi, shall we? He did seem pretty worried about this whole thing.
Paimon: Then let's go! Next stop, Dragonspine. "If there's a mountain, we shall climb it!"
Paimon: There's a lot of places here that we haven't been to, too.
Paimon: This is you, Kichiboushi.
Paimon: Ugh, did he transform into something else?
Paimon: Ugh. This is kinda annoying, but Paimon doesn't know how to refute him either...
Paimon: Ugh...
Paimon: Ugh... Let us explain, would you?
Paimon: Um, that's a good question, actually. What do you think snow's actually made of, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Um, that's not quite it. Dragonspine doesn't have any bake-danuki. This is just you, Kichiboushi?
Paimon: We should probably ask someone knowledgeable like Lisa about this stuff in the future.
Paimon: Well, Paimon wouldn't say no to some food...
Paimon: Well, no. Just trapped in ice, y'know? Dragonspine is a super cold place, after all.
Paimon: Well, this isn't you, Kichiboushi.
Paimon: What in the world is that? Ugh, Paimon's not really getting Kichiboushi again.
Paimon: What is that even supposed to mean!?
Paimon: What!?
Paimon: White... Oh, you mean the snow!
Paimon: Whoa, it really ran off super fast! Come on, (Traveler), after it!
Paimon: W—Well, you're not wrong...
You show Ioroi the picture of Kichiboushi on Dragonspine.
You show Kichiboushi and Paimon the picture you just took.
You spend a bit more time explaining how photos work to Ioroi.