 And someday, they will blow towards a brighter future...
 Don't get sealed by humans, now.
 Dvalin saved us, and he bore us away.
"Kichiboushi": Dva...?
Paimon: That's Stormterror's name.
 Good luck, Kichiboushi.
 Don't get sealed by humans, now.
 He was quite lovely, actually.
 I feel the same way.
 I purified his poisoned blood during our battle.
 It's "Stormterror."
 Kichiboushi's lost his ability to speak?
 Let's go, Kichiboushi.
 Let's move out.
 Looks like this round of your training has drawn to a close.
 Quest DescriptionYour travels with Kichiboushi are reaching their end.You told Ioroi that you would "take Kichiboushi out to eight places to train." So, your last stop will be Stormterror's Lair.
 Seems like we've completed Ioroi's commission.
 Step Description"Kichiboushi train hard, become strong bake-danuki, like Ioroi! Then White Fur and Yellow Fur no eat bake-danuki food, understand Kichiboushi."
 Step DescriptionYour journey together with Kichiboushi has come to an end. Time to send him back to Ioroi's side.
 Stormterror saved us and bore us away from the battle.
 That's rather odd, Kichiboushi.
 Was that a bit tough to understand, Kichiboushi?
 We've lost the ability to understand Kichiboushi's speech?
 Well, he wasn't that scary.
 Wouldn't we have been turned into stone already, then?
 You can see everything from these vantage points, and they are good for gliding, too.
 You know what they say about "idiots and smoke..."
Paimon: That's not what this is about! You can see everything from up here, and the air is great, too.
 You know, this question feels familiar...
"Kichiboushi": *whimper* Poor Storm-Storm.
"Kichiboushi": Anemo Archon Statue...?
"Kichiboushi": But Kichiboushi knows that it is something important. Will not forgetting what Paimon and (Traveler) say.
"Kichiboushi": But Paimon and (Traveler) fought Storm-Storm. So, is he a bad dragon too?
"Kichiboushi": But if Storm-Storm is so big, how does he get in here?
"Kichiboushi": But if they couldn't enter or leave, wouldn't they be sad? Like being sealed in stone.
"Kichiboushi": Does Storm-Storm sleep here?
"Kichiboushi": Dva...?
"Kichiboushi": Eek! That's horrible... What did you do? Did you fly away?
"Kichiboushi": Is Stormterror a large, sharp-tooth, scary dragon with flip-flap wings?
"Kichiboushi": Kichiboushi stand straight!
"Kichiboushi": Later? Did the Anemo Archon and Storm-Storm win?
"Kichiboushi": Mm!
"Kichiboushi": Mm! Yes! Anemo Archon had big hands!
"Kichiboushi": Mm.
"Kichiboushi": Mm... Then what happened?
"Kichiboushi": Mm... Very nice...
"Kichiboushi": Mm?
"Kichiboushi": Mm? Bad dragon! Did the Anemo Archon use big hands to fight?
"Kichiboushi": Mm? Paimon, you seem a little unhappiness.
"Kichiboushi": Mmmm...
"Kichiboushi": Mmmph! The wind... strong...
"Kichiboushi": Mmmph...
"Kichiboushi": Ooh!
"Kichiboushi": Ooh! So Storm-Storm became good again!
"Kichiboushi": Ooh, Kichiboushi knows. Storm-Storm can fly. Does not need walking.
"Kichiboushi": Paimon likes high spots, mm?
"Kichiboushi": Squelch squelch, kapow!
"Kichiboushi": This city is very big, but... feels grim.
"Kichiboushi": This is a grim city. Very sad, don't know why. Strange.
"Kichiboushi": Understand, but also not really...
"Kichiboushi": Yey! Great! What happening next?
"Kichiboushi": Yey! Storm-Storm protects Mondstadt like Mon-Mon protects Liyue. So, Storm-Storm is like Mondstadt's adeptus!
Ioroi: "Become strong bake-danuki, like Ioroi!"
Ioroi: "Kichiboushi train hard."
Ioroi: "Then White Fur and Yellow Fur no eat bake-danuki food, understand Kichiboushi."
Ioroi: *sigh* If only you, too, were tanuki...
Ioroi: ...Hmm? Of course, I will pass it on.
Ioroi: ...Mm? Alright. Sure. Leave it to me.
Ioroi: Eh, forget it. I shall not pursue the matter, considering that you did take Kichiboushi out to train.
Ioroi: Hmph! If I were free from this stone seal, it would be a thing of ease to have you understand tanuki speech all the time...
Ioroi: It has been some time. The effects of the tanuki meal must have worn off.
Ioroi: Kichiboushi says, "Got it, White Fur."
Ioroi: Mm! Good, very good, as might be expected of humans I had mine eye on. If you were also tanuki, you would be great and renowned indeed. Perhaps half as great as I when put together!
Ioroi: Mm!?
Ioroi: Mm? Hahaha! That's quite the boast, you little rascal. Reminds me of myself when I was your age!
Ioroi: Mmhahaha! Good, good!
Ioroi: Mmph, true. Well then, off you go now. I have a little magic to teach Kichiboushi.
Ioroi: Ooh, you've finally returned! How has Kichiboushi's training gone?
Paimon: (That's not super impressive...)
Paimon: ...And that's how we completed your request to "take Kichiboushi to eight places to train," Ioroi.
Paimon: A long, long time ago, this city had a king. This king used the winds to create walls, not allowing anyone to enter or leave, just like the storm-walls we saw earlier.
Paimon: A long, long time later, the Anemo Archon and his friend Stormterror fought a big battle against an evil dragon to protect Mondstadt!
Paimon: After that, huh? Do you remember, (Traveler)?
Paimon: Alright then. Guess we've gotta do our jobs as guides one last time, eh?
Paimon: At first, Dvalin was injured and tricked by some bad people, so he was very angry. That's why he attacked Mondstadt, and because everyone thought he was a bad dragon, they called him "Stormterror."
Paimon: A—Argh! How...
Paimon: But since we've completed the task, we should probably leave now.
Paimon: But the platform we were battling on collapsed. At first, it looked like we and the Anemo Archon were going to fall into a deep, dark place...
Paimon: But whatever the case, make sure you don't become too playful or cheeky — that might get you sealed sometime in the future!
Paimon: But you mustn't become a bad person. Because "winds change their course"...
Paimon: Do you still remember that Anemo Archon statue we saw in Mondstadt?
Paimon: Easy now, Kichiboushi, just follow us around.
Paimon: Eh... We can talk about that later. First off, let's take a photo! Alright, stand still now!
Paimon: Eh? Does this mean...
Paimon: Even though (Traveler) fought Stormterror, he's not a bad dragon.
Paimon: Exactly! And that's why Paimon brought you here for training today — it was to tell you the story of Dvalin.
Paimon: Finally, the cityfolk left the walls of wind, just like how you escaped your seal, Kichiboushi.
Paimon: He just experienced something terrible, got hurt, and was tricked by bad people, so he thought that his friend, the Anemo Archon, no longer needed him.
Paimon: Hehe! Then at least our long storytelling session didn't go to waste!
Paimon: Hey, hey, careful! The roads aren't very good here.
Paimon: Later, we beat those bad people and helped the Anemo Archon purify the blood that was tainting him. That was when he realized that the archon hadn't abandoned him.
Paimon: Next up, let's head into the center of this "city"...
Paimon: No he isn't! But let's head upward first. Watch your footing!
Paimon: Now then — time to bring Kichiboushi back to Ioroi!
Paimon: Oh brother, we can't understand Kichiboushi anymore...
Paimon: Oh, don't be like that. Come on, Kichiboushi, Paimon's gonna teach you one more thing!
Paimon: Paimon knows this one! That's because he doesn't walk in...
Paimon: Paimon thinks we should go to Stormterror's Lair!
Paimon: So Stormterror came to this tower to sleep. He slept for a long, long time, and when he woke up, no one remembered him anymore. His friend, the Anemo Archon, was also gone.
Paimon: Stormterror actually had a name of his own, just like Kichiboushi, Paimon, and (Traveler) — and his name is Dvalin.
Paimon: Stormterror is the archon's good friend! Long ago, the Anemo Archon was from this city, too...
Paimon: That big, tall stone statue.
Paimon: That's Stormterror's name.
Paimon: That's not what this is about! You can see everything from up here, and the air is great, too.
Paimon: The view's much better up here. Look over there — that's the spot where we came from!
Paimon: There's no need to be so sad! Smile as we go back, or you'll make Ioroi sad, too!
Paimon: We came here before with a lot of companions, and we fought a battle against Stormterror.
Paimon: We can't pass through these storm-walls. We've got to go around!
Paimon: We even took a lot of photos. Have a look, Ioroi...
Paimon: We'll be there soon.
Paimon: We'll be waiting, Kichiboushi! We'll come train with you next time, too.
Paimon: We're back, Ioroi!
Paimon: We're finally here!
Paimon: Well... You could say so! Ugh, this is really hard to explain...
Paimon: What's wrong, Kichiboushi?
Paimon: When you grow older, you will also be misunderstood, get hurt, and experience sad things.
Paimon: When you say goodbye to friends, you should see them off with a smile! That way, you'll be even happier when you meet again.
Paimon: Whoa, too fast, too fast! Also, it's "Stormterror"!
Paimon: Yup — for a really long time, too.
Paimon: Yup, they did! But although Stormterror won, he was injured. And that's why he came here to rest and heal.
You show all the photos you took for Kichiboushi during this time to Ioroi.You also tell him about your adventures.