  I'll mull it over.
Ellin: Sure, take your time. It's not like these dummies are going anywhere.
Ellin: Nor is my life going anywhere while I'm stuck trying to sort this out, ugh...
 How about we give it a go together...
Ellin: You like team combat, then? Alright for some... always someone to help you out.
Ellin: For people like me, the best I can do is try and hold my own as a lone fighter.
 Quest DescriptionEllin is working hard to become a knight, but her training doesn't seem to work out. She seems to need some guidance...
 Still thinking it over...
 What are you up to?
Ellin: *sigh* But I'm nowhere near as powerful as Jean.
Ellin: And they reinforce the wood like it's for building a storm shelter or something... Way overestimating their own strength.
Ellin: At this distance, maybe the best solution would be for me to deal with one side and drop a bomb to deal with the other side.
Ellin: But first there needs to actually be a fire in the brazier...
Ellin: For example, I was thinking about how to break all these wooden dummies in one fell swoop...
(If the player retrieved an Intact Training Dummy during "The Limitations of an Adventurer")
Ellin: They're a lot more robust than they look, this is no trivial task... I don't know where my father managed to get them from, but he must have gone to a lot of effort.
(If the player retrieved Materials for Training Dummy instead)
Ellin: I know they don't look that robust, but they're what I've got. My father went to a lot of trouble to get them for me, so I shouldn't complain.
(Neither line will play if the player did not complete "The Limitations of an Adventurer" on the previous day.)
Ellin: For people like me, the best I can do is try and hold my own as a lone fighter.
Ellin: HEY! What are you DOING!? My dad gave that to me to practice with!
Ellin: Haha, just kidding. I have no idea where I would even get a bomb from anyway.
Ellin: How are you getting along? Had a eureka moment yet?
Ellin: Huh, I never even thought of trying that...
Ellin: Huh. I've met a few other adventurers before. They were the same way.
Ellin: I know they don't look that robust, but they're what I've got. My father went to a lot of trouble to get them for me, so I shouldn't complain.
Ellin: I think it's better for me to focus on technique rather than power.
Ellin: I've heard that the elements interact in special ways. I wonder if there's a way we can use the fire on this brazier to cause a little explosion...
Ellin: If I don't make it through the Knights of Favonius tryouts, YOU will be the one to blame!
Ellin: If only I had a bigger weapon, or some powerful elemental ability like Jean, breaking all these wooden dummies would probably be a piece of cake.
Ellin: If they want a challenge so desperately, why don't they just go off into the wilderness and pick a fight with the biggest monster they can find?
Ellin: If you're at a loose end, fancy helping me think about how to tackle it?
Ellin: Nailed it!
Ellin: Nor is my life going anywhere while I'm stuck trying to sort this out, ugh...
Ellin: Practicing for the Knights of Favonius' tryouts!
Ellin: Sure, take your time. It's not like these dummies are going anywhere.
Ellin: Thanks! I'm gonna try it myself now.
Ellin: They fight monsters like pros, but they're hopelessly lost when it comes to trying to break a few wooden sticks.
Ellin: They're a lot more robust than they look, this is no trivial task... I don't know where my father managed to get them from, but he must have gone to a lot of effort.
Ellin: Ugh, what a headache... What am I supposed to do about this?
Ellin: You like team combat, then? Alright for some... always someone to help you out.
Media:vo wdlq001 6 ellin 01.ogg Ellin: How can I smash all these training dummies at once?
Media:vo wdlq001 6 ellin 02.ogg Ellin: Shame, didn't manage to smash them all in time. Well, if at first you don't succeed...
(Dummies respawn)
Media:vo wdlq001 6 ellin 03.ogg Ellin: Huh, so THAT's how you do it. I'm impressed!