 Leave it up to me.
Riese: I shall be counting on you, then. *sigh* If only those adventurers had as good a sword-arm and as sensible a head on their shoulders as you do...
 Place Supplies
(Opens submission menu)
 Quest DescriptionRiese is preparing emergency supplies to protect some reckless adventurers from getting in trouble on Dragonspine...
 They're all where they need to be.
 What do you need?
 Will they be of any use?
Riese: Whether they will or not... It's better to have them than not.
Riese: In such terrible conditions as the ones we have on this mountain, the more supplies we have, the better. All told, I'm counting on your help.
Emergency Supply Point: Dragonspine is a dangerous place. Please do not go too far in.
Emergency Supply Point: This is an emergency supply point. If you should need anything, you may help yourself to the materials here.
Paimon: The snow's too deep around here. Looks like we need to shovel it out first.
Riese: *sigh* I wish those adventurers had a little more self-awareness...
Riese: As you've no doubt seen, the conditions up here are horrendous. Even experienced adventurers would not dare to claim that they can handle all that Dragonspine can throw at them.
Riese: Come to think of it, your clothes seem a little thin, too. Is this the latest fashion in Mondstadt or something?
Riese: Don't forget, you need to go to three locations, and deposit one serving of Ham at each place.
Riese: Have you placed all the supplies?
Riese: However, if some reckless fool drunk on their good fortune were to get too far up, then they'd only have themselves to rely on...
Riese: However, while I have been able to persuade many citizens not to do so, those adventurers...
Riese: I have orders from the Acting Grand Master to stand guard here and warn all citizens not to go up the mountain.
Riese: I shall be counting on you, then. *sigh* If only those adventurers had as good a sword-arm and as sensible a head on their shoulders as you do...
Riese: I wish those adventurers had a little more self-awareness...
Riese: I'm sure you know what I mean when I say that there's no use trying to convince them. They just want to go up that mountain.
Riese: I've lost count of the number of matters I've had to resolve involving the adventurers... But they just keep coming anyway, and their ranks never thin.
Riese: I've marked three locations out on your map. You simply have to place one serving of Ham at each place.
Riese: In such terrible conditions as the ones we have on this mountain, the more supplies we have, the better. All told, I'm counting on your help.
Riese: In this way, those adventurers who have suffered a reverse and are preparing to turn back will have more opportunities to extricate themselves from the mountain.
Riese: So, could you help bring these supplies up the mountain?
Riese: Still, I hope that those who go up the mountain will come sufficiently prepared and that they shan't have to use these emergency foodstuffs.
Riese: That's wonderful. I can rest easy now.
Riese: Traveler! Wonderful timing. Could you do me a favor?
Riese: Trying to manage them all is an impossible task... As such, I've decided to prepare some supplies for them in designated spots on Dragonspine.
Riese: Whatever the case, please take these as a token of my thanks, and go put on some extra layers.
Riese: Whether they will or not... It's better to have them than not.