 Go ahead, please.
 Quest DescriptionA new notice board has been placed near the Weinlesefest market. What is it for...?
 Well, since Paimon's so interested...
Annette: Alright. Simply put, a Fecund Hamper is a gift prepared by residents for lucky outsiders during the festival.
Annette: Everyone will put a gift in a wooden box shaped like a barrel and hide it in a place that holds memories for them.
Annette: Good luck and have fun!
Annette: Hehe, no, they're not commissions. These are clues to find Fecund Hampers.
Annette: Hello and welcome to Weinlesefest. May Lord Barbatos bless you.
Annette: Next, the owner of the gift will leave clues. The first person, no matter who, to find the box will get that gift.
Annette: Other than gifts, everyone will also leave a message in the box to the person who finds it. This is a sincere blessing, often more valuable than the gift itself.
Annette: So, would the two of you like to try looking for a Fecund Hamper? You should be able to work the clues out easily if you have some knowledge of Mondstadt customs.
Annette: That's one way to look at it. It seems it's your first time participating in the festival. Would you like me to give you a brief explanation?
Annette: The Church of Favonius is in charge of helping the residents place the gifts and post the clues on the board every year.
Annette: The clues for Fecund Hampers are on this noticeboard. You should be able to work the clues out quite easily if you have some knowledge of Mondstadt customs.
Annette: There are many people preparing gifts this year, and the clues on the board will be updated regularly, so come and have a look when you have time.
Annette: We aren't just welcoming the return of Lord Barbatos, but we also mean to share the joy of harvest and reminisce about good times.
Paimon: Hey, (Traveler), look! There's a noticeboard here, and there's a whole bunch of paper pinned to it. Is it a commission board or something?
Paimon: Let's try, (Traveler)! We might even find a gift from someone we know!
Paimon: This sounds pretty fun!
Paimon: What's a Fecund Hamper? Ooh! Is it a sort of treasure?