 Best to sell them all on the day itself, then.
Flora: That would be best. But there are always one or two flowers that don't get sold.
Flora: I know it's only one or two, but I don't want to just let them wither away.
 Consider it done.
 I broke the containers and flowers by accident...
 I'm sorry...
 Preservation, you say...
Flora: I've heard Sara from Good Hunter say they put unused ingredients in a cool place, or preserve them using blocks of ice...
Flora: I've tried these methods too, but flowers stored using ice blocks always end up looking weird.
Flora: They won't have withered, but I wouldn't call them fresh either... and either way, they wouldn't be presentable anymore...
 Quest DescriptionFlowers don't stay fresh for long. Flora, the owner of the Floral Whisper, has been thinking of ways to preserve them better...
 Snugly underground.
 Something the matter?
 Where should I bury them?
Flora: *sigh* Maybe I should try the method that Sara suggested after all...
Flora: Alright, please help me place these flowers beside the Statue of The Seven and at the entrance of a cavern on the mountain.
Flora: But I've heard that Dragonspine's a very dangerous place, and I couldn't find any adventurers willing to help me on such short notice...
Flora: But the flowers I trim don't stay fresh for long. If they don't sell out, they'll wilt...
Flora: B—By accident!?
Flora: Eh? What happened?
Flora: He also mentioned that if I wanted to do some experiments, the most suitable place would be the low-temperature environment on Dragonspine.
Flora: Hehe, thanks so much for helping me out. Please, take these for your trouble.
Flora: How are the flowers?
Flora: I asked a lot of people, and Mr. Sayid... You know who he is, right? He's that researcher.
Flora: I know it's only one or two, but I don't want to just let them wither away.
Flora: I wonder if there's any way to preserver those flowers for longer...
Flora: I've heard Sara from Good Hunter say they put unused ingredients in a cool place, or preserve them using blocks of ice...
Flora: I've tried many methods in the past, but the flowers degrade by the end of the day all the same.
Flora: I've tried these methods too, but flowers stored using ice blocks always end up looking weird.
Flora: Is Dragonspine so dangerous that even an adventurer like you couldn't keep one container from...
Flora: Mr. Sayid really knows a lot. I wonder, do people keep flowers at Sumeru Akademiya too?
Flora: One day, when he came to buy flowers, he told me that he once read about putting flowers in cold storage in a book.
Flora: Perhaps a comparison might be in order...
Flora: Please be very careful not to damage them this time.
Flora: Specifically... it involves using a container to store the flowers before placing that container near blocks of ice...
Flora: Still, thanks for making that trip for me. Please take these as thanks. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go tend to my flowers.
Flora: Thank you. We'll leave them there on the mountain for a while.
Flora: Thanks for your help. Let me think... I've heard that Dragonspine is huge, and has a lot of different regions, which could lead to very different results...
Flora: That would be best. But there are always one or two flowers that don't get sold.
Flora: Then I'd like you to find an area with water on the mountain. Either a lake or a pool will do — just bury it  by the water's edge.
(If you previously failed the quest)
Flora: Please be very careful not to damage them this time.
Flora: These flowers aren't looking so good, either. What a shame...
Flora: They won't have withered, but I wouldn't call them fresh either... and either way, they wouldn't be presentable anymore...
Flora: Traveler, could you help me bury these three flower containers in the Dragonspine snow?
Flora: Ugh... I specifically picked those flowers out. You can't find such good flowers just anywhere...
Flora: Well, lots of people tend to buy single flowers to give as gifts, so I usually cut some flowers specifically for that purpose.
Paimon: Eek, there ARE monsters here! Shouldn't have spoken so soon...
Paimon: Guess that's the last one. Let's report back to Flora.
Paimon: Hey! Stop rummaging through the snow like that!
Paimon: Hmm, guess we should bury that container in the snow near that Statue of The Seven.
Paimon: How do we find water on a snowy mountain, though? Wouldn't it be ice by now?
Paimon: Let's head for the cavern next... Sure hope that nothing weird lives in there...
Paimon: Next up, let's head near a body of water...
Paimon: Such a huge body of water. It doesn't make any sense...
Paimon: Ugh... The container and flowers are ruined.
Paimon: Wow, we're in trouble now... Best we go back and apologize to Flora...