 Fumbling Footprints
 I broke the containers and flowers by accident...
 I have them all here.
Flora: All of them? That's great! Here, let me see.
Flora: Hehe, not bad at all. Hmm... Looks like this method really does work.
Flora: The only problem is that Dragonspine is really far from Mondstadt. I can't be troubling you every time, either. I have to find some other way in future...
Flora: Thank you very much, all the same. Here's your compensation, please take it!
 I only managed to retrieve one of them...
Flora: The others couldn't be retrieved?  Um...  Well, alright then.  It is quite hard to predict conditions on that mountain, after all.
Flora: But if we only have one, then we can't make any comparisons.  I suppose we'll just have to wait for an opportunity to have another look...
Flora: Thank you for taking the trouble, though.  Here, I prepared these as compensation — I might need to call upon your help in the future as well.
 I'm sorry...
 No problem.
Flora: I'm counting on you, then.  I'll be waiting here, so do come back soon.
 Quest DescriptionTo help Flora ascertain the effectiveness of putting plants in cold storage, you must head to Dragonspine once again to retrieve the flowers buried in the snow...
 Retrieve
 Where did I put them, again?
Flora: You forgot? You put them beside a Statue of The Seven, by a body of water in the mountains, and near a cavern.
Flora: Let me help you mark them on your map again.
Flora: *sigh* Maybe I should try the method that Sara suggested after all...
Flora: All of them? That's great! Here, let me see.
Flora: But if we only have one, then we can't make any comparisons.  I suppose we'll just have to wait for an opportunity to have another look...
Flora: B—By accident!?
Flora: Could you help me go up the mountain and bring those flowers back?
Flora: Do you still remember the flowers that I asked you to store on Dragonspine?
Flora: Eh? What happened?
Flora: Hehe, not bad at all. Hmm... Looks like this method really does work.
Flora: Here, over here!
Flora: How are the flowers that we stored away on Dragonspine earlier?
Flora: How are the flowers?
Flora: I'm counting on you, then.  I'll be waiting here, so do come back soon.
Flora: Is Dragonspine so dangerous that even an adventurer like you couldn't keep one container from...
Flora: It's been a day since then, and I'd like to see the results of our cold storage experiment.
Flora: Let me help you mark them on your map again.
Flora: Still, thanks for making that trip for me. Please take these as thanks. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go tend to my flowers.
Flora: Thank you for taking the trouble, though.  Here, I prepared these as compensation — I might need to call upon your help in the future as well.
Flora: Thank you very much, all the same. Here's your compensation, please take it!
Flora: The only problem is that Dragonspine is really far from Mondstadt. I can't be troubling you every time, either. I have to find some other way in future...
Flora: The others couldn't be retrieved?  Um...  Well, alright then.  It is quite hard to predict conditions on that mountain, after all.
Flora: Ugh... I specifically picked those flowers out. You can't find such good flowers just anywhere...
Flora: You forgot? You put them beside a Statue of The Seven, by a body of water in the mountains, and near a cavern.
Paimon: C—Careful, here they come!  Looks like there's no reasoning with them, either!
Paimon: Did someone steal the flowers we buried here?  Let's give chase, and quick!
Paimon: Eek, it's the Treasure Hoarders!  Did they take our flowers for some sort of treasure?
Paimon: Hey! Stop rummaging through the snow like that!
Paimon: Huh, there are footprints here, and they lead into that mountain cave...
Paimon: Huh? Where did the container we buried here go? Why's it gone?
Paimon: Looks like only one out of the three containers is still in one piece.
Paimon: No sign of the container or the flowers around here...
Paimon: Oh well, guess we're bringing this one back to Flora, then.
(Continue to Returning to Flora: Flowers Collected)
Paimon: That's that, then!  Retrieval complete!
(Obtain Package of Fresh Flowers ×1)
(Continue to The Body of Water: Flowers Absent)
Paimon: That's that, then!  Retrieval complete!
(Obtain Package of Fresh Flowers ×1)
(Continue to The Cavern: Flowers Absent)
Paimon: That's that, then! Retrieval complete!
(Obtain Package of Fresh Flowers ×1)
(Continue to Returning to Flora: Flowers Collected)
Paimon: The snow around here's all churned up, and the container and flowers are gone...
Paimon: These flowers are irretrievable. Let's go to the next spot.
(Continue to The Body of Water)
Paimon: They must have opened the container before tossing both that and the flowers aside once it became clear that they had no value...
Paimon: This place is a mess... The flower box is gone. Let's go to the next spot.
(Continue to The Cavern)
Paimon: Ugh... The container and flowers are ruined.
Paimon: We only manage to retrieve one!
Paimon: What's with all the hilichurls? Did they ruin the flowers?
Paimon: Who did this!?
Paimon: Wow, we're in trouble now... Best we go back and apologize to Flora...
(Continue to Returning to Flora: Flowers Melted)
Paimon: Wow, we're in trouble now... Best we go back and apologize to Flora...
(Skip to Returning to Flora: Flowers Melted)
Paimon:Let's return to Flora!