 Not yet.
 Of course!
Jilliana: Thank you ever so much! May the Anemo Archon protect you.
 Quest DescriptionJilliana is looking for someone to clean the Statues of The Seven, since she hasn't had time lately...
 Surely the wind would just blow it off?
Jilliana: Barbatos and the winds he commands have far too many other things to attend to day-to-day.
Jilliana: In any case, we mustn't rely on the archons to provide for everything while we laze around.
Jilliana: Let us work together to lighten our Lord Barbatos' load just a little.
 The Statues of The Seven? What's happened to them?
 Yep.
Jilliana: *sigh* I wonder what state the Statues of The Seven must be in by now...
Jilliana: Barbatos and the winds he commands have far too many other things to attend to day-to-day.
Jilliana: Bless you, my dear! May Barbatos protect you.
Jilliana: But since having Lily, I rarely have the chance to go out.
Jilliana: But you have elemental abilities. It should be easy for you.
Jilliana: Have you finished cleaning the Statues of The Seven?
Jilliana: I have the archons to thank for all the blessings in my life — cleaning their statues was my way of giving something back.
Jilliana: I know this must seem like I'm trying to avoid taking responsibility, but... Do you think you could go and wipe the dust off of the Statues of The Seven for me?
Jilliana: I see. Well, there's no rush — take your time.
Jilliana: In any case, we mustn't rely on the archons to provide for everything while we laze around.
Jilliana: Let me explain... In the past, I would go and pray to a Statue of The Seven every week, and while I was there I would wipe the dust off.
Jilliana: Let us work together to lighten our Lord Barbatos' load just a little.
Jilliana: One more thing. The Statues of The Seven are imbued with the power of the archons.
Jilliana: Take these, they are my gift to you. I may call on your assistance again in the future.
Jilliana: Thank you ever so much! May the Anemo Archon protect you.
Jilliana: The dust they collect cannot be simply wiped off in the usual manner.
Jilliana: The statues must be filthy with no one cleaning them in so long.
Jilliana: Unlike me — it's a whole day's work for me to clean a single statue.
Paimon: Then again, it's still just dust at the end of the day. Maybe try blowing it away with your Anemo powers?
Paimon: This'll be that dust Jilliana was fretting about, right?
Paimon: Who cares, (Traveler) go fend them off!
Paimon: Yikes, slimes! Maybe there was something in that elemental dust that they're drawn to?
Paimon: You know a Statue of the Seven is legit when even the dust on top is brimming with elemental energy... Poor Jilliana, she must work herself to the bone trying to clean them.