
 Do it yourself...
Guy: There might not be much room for advancement when you're guarding a side gate, but this is the job I've been assigned to.
Guy: I'm not about to abandon my post... If I lose this job, my father loses his mind...
 Do you want to send him a reply?
Tunner: Erm... No, I'll leave it. That young rascal is probably too busy to read it, in any case.
 Do you want to send him a reply?
Tunner: Hmm... I won't bother, the young rascal's probably got far better things to do than read a letter from his old man.
 Do you want to send him a reply?
Tunner: I'll write him a letter shortly. I need to tell that rascal he needs to not get ahead of himself just because he's shown a flair for  combat. It would be terrible if something happened to him...
Tunner: Sorry, you don't need to be subjected to my ramblings. I will let you go now...
 Do you want to send him a reply?
Tunner: Uh... Not right now. I'll write to him soon though.
 He took this as a trophy.
 Leave it to me. / I'm on the case.
Guy: Thank you so much.
 No need.
Tunner: Of course, you must be anxious to get back. Don't let me keep you, then.
 No need.
Tunner: Oh, you have other business to attend to? I do hope it didn't put you out too much to come all this way just for an old man like me...
 No need.
Tunner: Oh... Yes of course, you need to be on your way. Don't let me hold you up... You will take a little food for the journey though, won't you?
 No need.
Tunner: Okay... You need to get back, I assume. Then don't let me hold you up.
 No need.
Tunner: You're in a rush to get back? Then I won't delay you.
 Not yet.
 Quest DescriptionGuy is feeling depressed...
 This letter is from Guy.
 What kind of trophy do you want?
 What kind of trophy do you want?
(Dialogue with Guy and Tunner changes depending on which item he requests)
 What's wrong?
(Traveler): Have you delivered the letter and trophy to my father?
Guy: *sigh* I wonder what I should do...
Guy: *sigh* Standing here on guard duty, day in, day out... It really doesn't give me much detail to write about...
Guy: ...Even though I never DO do anything besides guard this here gate.
Guy: ...In fact, it gives me precisely zero details to write about.
Guy: All of this because my father says things like, "the future of our family rests on your shoulders"...
Guy: And yet right now all I'm good for is guarding this gate. I wonder how things will go in future...
Guy: Apparently those heftier-looking hilichurls tend to carry them around.
Guy: Be warned though, they're exceptionally strong. If only I could defeat one myself one day...
Guy: But all I do is guard the gate! And a side gate at that... We hardly ever have anyone coming through this way.
Guy: Damaged Masks are commonly found on the bodies of defeated hilichurls.
Guy: Divining scrolls are carried around by those hilichurl shamans.
Guy: Erm... This might be a bit of an outlandish request, but can you get me a heavy horn?
Guy: Firm Arrowheads can be found on the bodies of defeated hilichurls. Hilichurl archers, to be specific.
Guy: Have you delivered the letter and trophy to my father?
Guy: Heavy horns you can find on the bodies of defeated mitachurls.
Guy: His health isn't great, and I'm a bit concerned that he'd take a turn for the worse if he knew the reality of my situation. So when I write to him, I tell him that I'm out there with the cream of the crop, fighting battles and all that...
Guy: Hmm, I wonder if that's where they get their strange powers from?
Guy: I hear that hilichurl shamans sometimes carry them around. I don't think they use them for anything though.
Guy: I would love to see for myself... But as long as this gate's around, I won't have the chance.
Guy: I'm not about to abandon my post... If I lose this job, my father loses his mind...
Guy: I've also heard that slimes are always cropping up around the Dawn Winery. I'm sure it will please my father to see evidence of me supposedly having fought them off.
Guy: I've heard from the fellow knights that you can find them on the bodies of hilichurls. It's not like I've had the chance to test that theory out in battle though...
Guy: If you're preparing to go off on an adventure, could you bring me back a trophy? It would help bolster the credibility of my letter...
Guy: It should be enough to stop my father from worrying — that is, as long as you lead him to believe that I didn't actually do nothing.
Guy: Let me see... Start me off with a firm arrowhead this time round [sic].
Guy: Let's see... Get me some Slime Condensate this time.
Guy: My dad would be thrilled at the sight of a war trophy taken from one of them. But since it's highly doubtful I'd ever have the chance to pick one up myself... all I can do is ask for your help.
Guy: My fellow knights inform me that every time you finish dealing with a slime, the most annoying thing is then dealing with the Slime Condensate.
Guy: My fellow knights say they're very intimidating as enemies go, and that it takes everything you've got to defeat one in battle.
Guy: Now I've got myself into a position where I'm forever telling him all these tall tales without a shred of evidence, and I think he's starting to have his doubts.
Guy: Obviously my father is eagerly anticipating big news of my heroic exploits... Meanwhile, here I am managing the affairs of a gate.
Guy: Oh, and please don't open the letter. My father is quite sensitive to things like that — he'll think it's been tampered with.
Guy: Oh, um... My father — his name is Tunner, he works at Dawn Winery. He was thrilled when I joined the Knights of Favonius; every time he writes to me now it's all he ever asks about...
Guy: Slimes are a common nuisance. They're always turning up and causing problems at my father's vineyard.
Guy: Supposedly you can find them on the bodies of a lot of hilichurls... Not that I have ever done that myself.
Guy: Thank you so much.
Guy: There might not be much room for advancement when you're guarding a side gate, but this is the job I've been assigned to.
Guy: They say that you find them all the time... Even then, I don't have the chance to get one myself.
Guy: This is a bit of an ask, but this time maybe you could get me a divining scroll.
Guy: This is all because my dad says things like "the whole family is counting on you," and "I believe you're going to become the strongest knight in all of Mondstadt one day"...
Guy: This is all because my dad says things like "the whole family is counting on you," and "I believe you're going to become the strongest knight in all of Mondstadt one day..."
Guy: This time help me look for a Damaged Mask, will ya?
Guy: What am I saying. That's purely fantasy.
Guy: When you've found it, I'd be grateful if you could deliver it to my father for me, along with the letter itself.
Guy: When you've found it, please deliver the trophy and letter to my father.
Guy: With a trophy to go with the letter, my father's sure to be convinced.
Guy: You can get Slime Condensate from defeating slimes.
Paimon: And after he'd beat them he just looked at the carnage he'd left behind and said, "maybe now my father can finally have some peace..."
Paimon: Guy defeated a suuuper scary monster!
Paimon: Honestly, he threw them around like ragdolls. They didn't last long!
Paimon: It was all over in seconds. Bish bash bosh. He moved like lightning!
Paimon: Mr. Guy is a super-duper warrior! The hilichurls had him surrounded on all sides... But he didn't bat an eyelid, he just coolly worked his way through them one by one!
Paimon: Mr. Guy squashed those slimes to smithereens without even breaking a sweat!
Paimon: That Mr. Guy is a pretty mega awesome fighter. He beat up a whole camp of hilichurls just like that!
Paimon: Those hilichurl shamans might be real tough guys... But fortunately Guy was an even tougher guy!
Paimon: We were nearby, we saw the whole thing with our own eyes!
Paimon: We were right there beside him, fighting tooth and nail! It was a hard-won battle...
Tunner: And from the looks of it... these are hard to come by.
Tunner: As it happens, I have a bottle here from the boss himself. It's still unopened.
Tunner: At least he's becoming more mature now though. More knightly.
Tunner: But I suppose it shows the young'un is trying his best.
Tunner: But he only just joined. How on earth did he suddenly become such a seasoned warrior?
Tunner: Dear father... Defeated a group of slimes... Here's hoping that's the last Dawn Winery sees of them...
Tunner: Erm... No, I'll leave it. That young rascal is probably too busy to read it, in any case.
Tunner: Finally, the family's fortunes are taking a turn for the better...
(Obtain Delicious "Pile 'Em Up" ×2)
Tunner: Fought bitterly... Awarded a commendation...
Tunner: Goodness... Well, he's certainly been working hard... This is the genuine article...
Tunner: Greetings, honored guest! Welcome to the Dawn Winery...
Tunner: He got lucky this time, but he might not be next time... I need to teach him a lesson. Ambition is great, but recklessness simply won't do!
Tunner: He says he's fought in many battles alongside the other knights, out in the wild...
Tunner: He wrote me a letter? ...And he got you to deliver it?
Tunner: He's already going up against that kind of enemy at his level!?
Tunner: He's only just joined up. Is he really going on quests already?
Tunner: Hilichurl shaman... I have heard the folks at the winery talk about them.
Tunner: Hmm... I won't bother, the young rascal's probably got far better things to do than read a letter from his old man.
Tunner: Hmph, it's not much of a trophy though. If I was any younger I'd have no problem going out and getting one myself!
Tunner: Hmph, my young'un's always been an arrogant show-off... I would have thought he'd know to curb it in now that he's a Knight of Favonius and not a little boy!
Tunner: Hmph. Well if he's got the time to worry about me, his job must be too idle.
Tunner: Honored guest, thank you for your trouble! If you could wait here a moment, you must let me fetch you something to drink?
Tunner: Honored guest, thank you for your trouble! Would you care to rest here for a while?
Tunner: Honored guest, thank you for your trouble... Would you care to rest here for a while?
Tunner: I'll write him a letter shortly. I need to tell that rascal he needs to not get ahead of himself just because he's shown a flair for  combat. It would be terrible if something happened to him...
Tunner: I've heard of them before... That rascal! Taking on monsters of that caliber, it's just reckless.
Tunner: If he keeps this up, he might just make it big time!
Tunner: If he keeps up the good work, he'll have a bright future ahead of him...
(Obtain Suspicious Steak ×3)
Tunner: If you could please wait here a moment; put your feet up while I get you a bite to eat...
Tunner: In fact, no, just tell him to keep working hard.
(Obtain Milk ×10)
Tunner: Knights of Favonius... What was I thinking, did I put too much pressure on him?
Tunner: Of course, you must be anxious to get back. Don't let me keep you, then.
Tunner: Oh, I see. Erm... It really is from a hilichurl, then...
Tunner: Oh, you have other business to attend to? I do hope it didn't put you out too much to come all this way just for an old man like me...
Tunner: Oh... Yes of course, you need to be on your way. Don't let me hold you up... You will take a little food for the journey though, won't you?
Tunner: Okay... You need to get back, I assume. Then don't let me hold you up.
Tunner: Please, take these for the journey. And you can keep the trophy, too — an old man like me doesn't have any use for it.
Tunner: So he's been out vanquishing hilichurls with the other knights, eh?
Tunner: Sorry, you don't need to be subjected to my ramblings. I will let you go now...
Tunner: Tell him to keep up the good work from me. And that he should visit home when he has the time...
Tunner: That said, the Knights of Favonius must be pleased to have found someone like this... Anyway — can I get you a drink?
Tunner: The Knights of Favonius... Keep at it, you young rascal.
(Obtain Apple ×9)
Tunner: The young'un seems to have learned the meaning of grit, then... He's growing up, finally...
Tunner: There's no need to put his life on the line like that...
(Obtain Delicious Steak ×3)
Tunner: Uh... Not right now. I'll write to him soon though.
Tunner: Well, well, well... My young'un's becoming more of a knight by the day.
Tunner: Wow, it was only a throwaway comment I made about that, but he really took it to heart...
Tunner: You're in a rush to get back? Then I won't delay you.