 All done.
 It is my honor to serve.
Huffman: Spoken like a true member of the Knights of Favonius! Honorary Knight, you have my gratitude.
 Quest DescriptionHuffman has his hands full with cleanup work that followed the storm...
 Sorry, I have something else on...
Huffman: Well, I don't doubt that you must have far more important matters to attend to. In which case, never mind, I shall have to think of something else.
(Cancels the quest)
 What's the matter?
Huffman: Although the Stormterror incident is now resolved, and we've successfully fended off the monsters...
Huffman: As I'm sure you're aware, we faced continuous attacks from bands of monsters for the entire duration of the Stormterror incident.
Huffman: Fantastic. You've been an enormous help, who knows how much longer those ugly things would've been stood there otherwise.
Huffman: Honorary Knight, please accept these as an expression of my gratitude.
Huffman: How's your progress? Finished clearing the area yet?
Huffman: So while the monsters themselves have been fought back... these barricades aren't about to disappear of their own accord.
Huffman: Spoken like a true member of the Knights of Favonius! Honorary Knight, you have my gratitude.
Huffman: The monsters erected quite a substantial number of barricades outside the city of the course of their raids.
Huffman: There's still so much cleaning up to do...
Huffman: Unfortunately, the Knights are short-staffed and there's simply no one to take on the task. As our Honorary Knight, would you be willing to clear up the barricades?
Huffman: We can't just leave them here indefinitely, especially now that things are returning to business as usual in the city.
Huffman: Well, I don't doubt that you must have far more important matters to attend to. In which case, never mind, I shall have to think of something else.
Paimon: Alrighty, our work here is done. Let's go speak to Huffman again.
Paimon: Come on, let's clean this area up, pronto!
Paimon: He wasn't kidding, look at all this junk. Worst thing in the world for foot traffic...
Paimon: Let's smash them all to pieces!
Paimon: Not long enough, clearly! The last traces of their big master plan are disappearing right before Paimon's very eyes!
Paimon: There are soooo many! Geez, how long were they planning this for?
Paimon: There's still more? How'd they put up all these in such a short time, anyway?
Paimon: Ugh, what does it matter. Let's clear them all up, then we won't have to think about it any longer.