 About the summit...
 Do you know anything about the air current in the cavern?
 How are things here on Dragonspine?
 I'll have a look at it.
 Quest DescriptionAt the adventurer camp, Iris informs you that there seems to be some bizarrely hard ice blocking the paths into the mountains...
 So, tell me about the ice.
 Step DescriptionAfter unfreezing the three shards and letting them return to that mysterious pillar, the ice surface beneath the pillar broke, revealing a large space underneath... Perhaps you can return to the adventurers at the camp and report what you've seen here on the summit...
 Step DescriptionFollowing the mountain path, you discover a Statue of the Seven. Beside it, the path up the mountain extends ever on...
 Step DescriptionThe cavern leading up to the summit has been blocked by a mysterious air current that renders it impassible. Head down to the camp in the foothills to ask around. Perhaps someone might have a clue as to your next course of action.
 Step DescriptionThe first shard flew up and away after being thawed out... According to Iris, there are two other shards here on Dragonspine. If you follow the strange blue plants, you may be able to find more shards of this sort around the Entombed City Outskirts and Starglow Cavern.
 Step DescriptionUpon thawing the remaining shards out, all the shards flew upwards and away... Perhaps this might have resulted in some changes to the cavern sealed by the strange air current...
 Step DescriptionYou successfully reach Dragonspine's summit from the cavern. However, you see a strange pillar from which those frozen shards seem to have fallen. Those shards also seem to have become frozen once more, requiring you to thaw them out again.
 This mountain really is a dangerous place...
Iris: *sigh* I wonder when we're going to find a way to get rid of that ice...
Iris: A strange, powerful air current, bizarre ice, and odd plants...
Iris: Ah, that reminds me. We did have an adventure team that also got lucky enough to reach a point very high up the mountain.
Iris: Ah, yes, I should thank you for helping us open the way to the summit. Please take these as thanks.
Iris: And there's a huge space below the ice under the pillar? That's... even weirder.
Iris: Apart from that strange air current, this mountain is also home to some very strange ice.
Iris: Apart from the harsh conditions, this mountain is also home to some strange... ice.
Iris: But in real life, it's best to be practical when adventuring... Make sure you prepare yourself sufficiently before heading up Dragonspine, you hear?
Iris: But logically speaking, no air current in such a place should be that strong. No one knows the reason why, either...
Iris: Hahaha, if this was your standard tale of adventure, there would be some link between these three.
Iris: I believe that the Entombed City Outskirts and Starglow Cavern are home to many of those blue plants. You can go and check them out. Perhaps you might discover something.
Iris: I believe that those plants may be related in some way to the shard frozen in the ice.
Iris: I could vaguely see that there was something encased within the ice. But since I was unable to melt it, catching a glimpse of it was as far as I got.
Iris: I do hope our next expedition will yield some new discoveries.
Iris: If you wish to continue looking for those shards on Dragonspine, I'd say that you might have some luck following the trail of those blue plants.
Iris: If you'd just like to have a look at the ice, you can just go to the place that I mentioned. For your own safety, don't go any further into the mountain.
Iris: If you're interested, you can follow the trail of blue plants to have a look at that ice.
Iris: It is incredibly hard to break, and will not melt when exposed to fire.
Iris: It seems Dragonspine really does have its secrets after all.
Iris: Let me think... I believe that the Entombed City Outskirts and Starglow Cavern are home to many of those blue plants. You can go and check them out.
Iris: Oh? You're back? How did it go? Did you see the ice— Huh. You're in... quite a state, aren't you?
Iris: On this mountain? Well, I can only say that it's more dangerous than any other place in Mondstadt.
Iris: Perhaps you've already noticed, but that slab of ice is surrounded by a great many blue plants.
Iris: Quite a few of our expedition teams have been forced to turn back after being blocked by ice barricades that they could not get around.
Iris: Since we've got a way to melt that ice now, that means I can continue organizing expedition parties to explore the mountain...
Iris: There's a strange, huge pillar floating in mid-air at the summit? To think that there would be such a thing atop Dragonspine...
Iris: They couldn't get close enough, but they did they report that a cavern near the summit did have a strange and powerful air current flowing out from it.
Iris: This ice is incredibly hard to break, and will not melt when exposed to fire. It has proved a major obstacle to our exploration as a result.
Iris: This is a sticky situation, indeed...
Iris: This is... inconceivable. Thank you. I will send explorers up there as quickly as we can to see what's happening there.
Iris: We have been unable to find a way to deal with that ice, so we've had to go around it...
Iris: What's more, blue plants are often found growing near this ice.
Iris: Worst of all, a few roads have been blocked by this ice.
Iris: You could have a look around there, but remember, it's best not to come this way again.
Iris: You're just going to have a look, right? If so, I remember that there was a large slab of ice of that kind on the mountain's outer boundaries. Who knows what's frozen inside it...
Iris: You've already been that high up? That's very impressive. Still... a cavern blocked by a strange air current, you say? Let me think...
Paimon: ...But we've got no choice. Let's go unfreeze them again.
Paimon: All three shards have thawed out and flown up to the top...
Paimon: But we should still go back and inform that adventurer.
Paimon: Did it fall down from the sky? How strange...
Paimon: Eek! That thing just flew up into the air... Looked like it was going towards the mountain's summit.
Paimon: How are we going to get up this mountain? Hmm, let's try following this road first, shall we?
Paimon: Huh, what's up with all this blue grass around here? So strange...
Paimon: Huh? The icy surface under the pillar has completely shattered. Looks like there's a huge space underneath it, too. Let's go check it out.
Paimon: Is it because there's no sunlight around here? Or does it have something to do with those blue plants or that weird ice...
Paimon: It's so cold... That light over there, it looks like some kind of heat source...
Paimon: Let's go to the summit and see what the situation there's like.
Paimon: Look, a giant pillar! What could it be for?
Paimon: Looks like they froze again... Brr, this climate really isn't Paimon-friendly...
Paimon: Paimon has no idea where this pillar might have come from...
Paimon: Seems like there's nothing else here...
Paimon: Shall we go and have a look around? Or should we go back and ask someone about the situation?
Paimon: So c—cold...
Paimon: S—S—So cold... P—Paimon's turning into a Paimon popsicle!
Paimon: This blue grass grows thick here. Paimon thinks we must be getting closer to something.
Paimon: Up there, aren't those the shards we unfroze? So is this pillar where they came from...?
Paimon: What a huge block of ice... Can you see what's stuck inside?
Paimon: Whoa, be careful! Those big guys look like they're waking up...
Paimon: Wh—What's... going on here...
Paimon: Wow... This place is incredibly high up.
Paimon: W—We should go back and ask around at the camp in the foothills...