 Need something from me?
 Quest DescriptionThe Knight of Favonius, Hertha, seems to want a word with you...
 What are you in charge of?
Hertha: After all, while you are an Honorary Knight, the citizens don't know you too well yet.
Hertha: As the tasks you undertake grow in importance, so too will the amount the Knights will pay you as compensation.
Hertha: At the same time, our inventory is running a surplus to match... So I'm more than willing to exchange some of it for a little hand here and there.
Hertha: But things can get complicated here in the city, so we need experienced hands to make sure that things get done properly.
Hertha: Greetings, Honorary Knight.
Hertha: I'm Hertha, Captain of the Knights of Favonius' 6th Company.
Hertha: I've already sorted the available tasks out for you. The details are right here.
(Opens the Reputation menu)
Hertha: If you wish to earn their trust, you need to interact with them more.
Hertha: If you're able to complete them successfully, the citizens will trust you more, and you'll be allowed to take on still more important work.
Hertha: If you're willing and you've got the confidence, you're free to have a gander at it.
Hertha: Me? Well, my work mostly includes the charter and administration of our baggage train, resource management and record-keeping.
Hertha: My apologies for not greeting you before, but things were a tad too hectic.
Hertha: Nonetheless, I've heard of your deeds from the other knights.
Hertha: Simply put, I work in logistics.
Hertha: Well, Mondstadt's present state is as you've no doubt seen.
Hertha: Well, that's the long and short of it. I'll leave it to you to decide on the tasks you wish to take up.
Hertha: What do you think? If you think you can handle these tasks, feel free to give them a go.
Hertha: With any luck, we'll take some of the burden off our Acting Grand Master's shoulders...
Hertha: With the Grand Master having brought much of our manpower with him, we have since been in a constant state of short-handedness.