 Perhaps it's better that you go alone.
Ella Musk: That won't do! This is a rare opportunity. Even if you just want to slack off, I'm not letting you get off that easily!
 Quest DescriptionElla Musk wants to find a group of hilichurls to practice her Hilichurlian. She claims to have a solid grasp of the basics, as well as plenty of communication experience... It's just that she's never had a chance to actually speak with them.
 Sure, let me go drag one out for you.
Ella Musk: Wait! No! My word, just who exactly taught you to go bashing hilichurls around like that!?
Ella Musk: Let's compose ourselves, go over there together, and politely introduce ourselves.
Ella Musk: A present from a hilichurl. Bet you never thought you'd see the day!
Ella Musk: Be careful though, it would be rude of us to wake the others.
Ella Musk: Biat ye, ye pupu dada mosi! Plama ye upa dada!
Ella Musk: Buka...mita nye, guru-guru...yo mosi ka?
Ella Musk: Buka...mita nye, guru-guru...yo mosi ka? [Stomach... no meat, hungry/stomach grumbling... you eat (ka)?]
Ella Musk: Don't startle those hilichurls over there. Why are you always running off into hilichurl camps?
Ella Musk: Forget it, it's not important. I've been researching Hilichurlian for some time, but I'd much rather get in some actual speaking practice than constantly going over books.
Ella Musk: Good thing you were here, otherwise I would have no idea what would have happened to me.
Ella Musk: Guess I better hit the books again and do some more research before trying again...
Ella Musk: Hehe, look at how he's acting. He seems so happy!
Ella Musk: Help! Help me!
Ella Musk: I don't think I said anything wrong... Maybe my pronunciation was off...?
Ella Musk: I said not to startle the other hilichurls! Have you really never tried to approach a hilichurl camp quietly!?
Ella Musk: I've finally stumbled across a whole hilichurl camp... I cannot let this opportunity pass me by!
Ella Musk: Kundala gusha! Hahaha!
Ella Musk: Let's compose ourselves, go over there together, and politely introduce ourselves.
Ella Musk: Looks like this time has finally been a success and my Hilichurlian has finally improved.
Ella Musk: Looks like this time has finally been a success, and my Hilichurlian has finally improved.
Ella Musk: Mi? Dada! Valo.
Ella Musk: Mi? Dada! Valo. [Me? Good! Thanks/Goodbye.]
Ella Musk: Oh! I think he understood me! He seems to be taking out something to show us...
Ella Musk: Oh, oh no! It's a weapon! Traveler, help me!
(During battle)
Ella Musk: Oh, right! Before I forget — take this. It's a present from that hilichurl.
Ella Musk: Olah! Muhe mimi, nye, eh... mosi aba?
Ella Musk: Olah! Muhe mimi, nye, eh... mosi aba? [Hello! We like/want, no, um... eat before?]
Ella Musk: So, Traveler, can you go with me into the camp and help me find a hilichurl to practice with?
Ella Musk: Thankfully there's one awake right now.
Ella Musk: That won't do! This is a rare opportunity. Even if you just want to slack off, I'm not letting you get off that easily!
Ella Musk: That's what I hope for anyway. My dream, is to become friends with the hilichurls.
Ella Musk: There's absolutely no way they would talk to us then.
Ella Musk: This is him, let's go over and say hi.
Ella Musk: Traveler! Here! Over here!
Ella Musk: Ugh. There's no more hilichurls left at this camp. Such a great opportunity, completely wasted. All I can do now is wait until next time.
(Obtain Suspicious Steak ×3)
Ella Musk: Wait! No! My word, just who exactly taught you to go bashing hilichurls around like that!?
Ella Musk: We don't want them thinking we're storming into their camp to attack them.
Ella Musk: Well I better get going, I have so many new discoveries to note down. Perhaps we'll have a chance to meet again.
(Obtain Suspicious Steak ×3)
Ella Musk: What do you think? My Hilichurlian is not bad, huh? Now that we can communicate, all that's needed to understand each other now is time.
Hilichurl: Biat ye, plata ye pupu!
Hilichurl: Dala beru yo!? Kundala muhe, kucha?
Hilichurl: Movo unta nye kucha, mi dada tiga mitono!
Hilichurl: Valo, ya odomu.
Hilichurl: Valo, ya odomu. [Thank you/goodbye, human friend(?)]
Hilichurl: Ya odomu, Todo yo, buka guru-guru nye.
Hilichurl: Ya odomu, Todo yo, buka guru-guru nye. [Human friend(?), (todo) you, stomach no longer hungry/grumbling.]
Hilichurl: Yo mimi beru si?
Hilichurl: Yo mimi beru si? [What do you want with us?/You talking to us?]