 Got a few leaves here.
 I'll do it.
Dr. Edith: Great, I'm counting on you, then.
 Quest Description Edith wants to write a new book about Anemo, but she's looking for some inspiration...
 What are you working on?
 What do you need, specifically?
Dr. Edith: ...Leaves? Let me have a look, please. Huh, you even put them inside a box...
Dr. Edith: Ah, I went off on a tangent again... Sorry, please don't take it to heart.
Dr. Edith: And most importantly, you can control the elements even without the use of a Vision.
Dr. Edith: And this so-called search for inspiration? Why, I'm just staring into space here. Most of my material is synthesized from second-hand resources as well.
Dr. Edith: Could you help me climb up this tree and have a look?
Dr. Edith: Great, I'm counting on you, then.
Dr. Edith: Hahaha, maybe in the eyes of the gods, Vision wielders are the main characters of this world.
Dr. Edith: Have you found anything?
Dr. Edith: I don't have a Vision, but I won't lose in terms of scholarship.
Dr. Edith: I have to say that someone like you is definitely better suited to doing research.
Dr. Edith: I mean to write a new book about Mondstadt's history that focuses on the "wind," and I'm looking for inspiration here.
Dr. Edith: I reckon that you just need to follow the trail of the "wind" and search that way.
Dr. Edith: I'll be waiting for you under the tree. If you find anything, just bring it down to me.
Dr. Edith: I've also heard that you can use the elements even without a Vision...
Dr. Edith: If you could help me to grab some objects imbued with Anemo, that would really help me with my research.
Dr. Edith: If you think about it, this place is the ideal spot — there's a Statue of The Seven that represents Anemo, and a tree that's closely linked to the great hero Vennessa.
Dr. Edith: One cannot use the power of the elements without a Vision. Whether in research or in life, those without them live like outsiders in their own world.
Dr. Edith: Sorry, I said too much, and while I did say all this, I won't give up on my research.
Dr. Edith: Still, I don't have any method of preserving these leaves. It is fully possible that the "wind" in them could dissipate all too quickly...
Dr. Edith: Still, take this as recompense for your efforts. Who knows, I might need to call on you in the future to help me collect research material.
Dr. Edith: Thank you. This is a very precious resource, and I will use it as such.
Dr. Edith: That's the life of a person without a Vision on this continent — to do much, and yet achieve little.
Dr. Edith: The elements... Is there really any research on this continent that could uncover their secrets? To a researcher, the ability to use a Vision or the lack thereof really is...
Dr. Edith: To think that this tree really had this power. If I only had a Vision, then I wouldn't have had to waste this much time.
Dr. Edith: What a shame, I can't use this material either...
Dr. Edith: When held in your hand, these leaves do indeed allow you to feel the "wind."
Dr. Edith: Yet — and I know this might sound funny — looking for and gathering the winds without a Vision, which I lack, is too difficult.
Dr. Edith: You can see the elements, yes?
Dr. Edith: You have a great deal of adventuring experience, and great stamina...