 Glory sends her best wishes.
 Hang on, she said you were supposed to be somewhere far away from Mondstadt?
 Okay.
(After reading Godwin's Letter)
 Okay.
Godwin: I can't thank you enough, Traveler! Please keep everything I just told you a secret though.
 Quest DescriptionGodwin, a Knight of Favonius is yearning for his lover who stayed in Mondstadt. He's looking for someone to deliver a letter to her...
 She had us run an errand for her.
 Someone told me to bring you this letter.
 That's the end of the letter.
 Wait— Glory?
 Why not try the dandelion hotline?
Godwin: There is so much I want to say to Glory, far more than a handful of Dandelion Seeds could ever hope to carry.
Glory: ...Godwin.
Glory: A letter... for me? Who would do that...
Glory: But could you read the letter to me?
Glory: Have you seen him? I guess that must mean he's okay— Did he say when he'll be back?
Glory: Hello. I know that voice... Traveler! It's you, isn't it?
Glory: Liyue Harbor... Wow, Godwin really is seeing the world after all!
Glory: Quietly... No one needs to hear this but the two of us.
Glory: Sorry, forget all that. I'm sure he must be far too busy to answer all these questions, I don't want to put any more pressure on him.
Glory: Thank you, I will treasure this letter. Next time you see Godwin, do tell him I'm thinking of him.
Glory: What bring you here today?
Glory: What is it? Is there something else you need to tell me?
Glory: Wow, you read it so nicely... Is this something you do a lot?
Godwin: ...Ugh, I am so ready to just get back to Mondstadt...
Godwin: Ah, yes... All my stories are based on things the Grand Master has told me. He's been everywhere.
Godwin: Also... I promised Glory I would send her letters and gifts from all around the world. I said I would send her the world!
Godwin: Anyway, thanks again. You have been a big help.
Godwin: As you can see, I'm with the Knights, and I'm on patrol right now.
Godwin: Dandelion Seeds, eh? That does sound like my Glory alright.
Godwin: Did you deliver my letter?
Godwin: Did you hear about the time the Grand Master left Mondstadt and took four out of every five knights with him?
Godwin: Here, take these Dandelion Seeds. I picked them myself.
Godwin: I can't bring myself to go back to Mondstadt. I can only imagine what the knights would think of me if I just came crawling back...
Godwin: I can't thank you enough, Traveler! Please keep everything I just told you a secret though.
Godwin: I told my girlfriend I would send her a letter before too long, just to let her know I'm safe and sound.
Godwin: If she found out I'd never even made it out of Mondstadt...
Godwin: I—I still haven't figured out how to catch up with them, and in the meantime I've just been milling around here...
Godwin: Next time Glory asks you for more Dandelion Seeds, I'd appreciate it if you could help her out again.
Godwin: Oh, Traveler! Hi! Can I ask you a favor?
Godwin: Phew... At least she's not mad at me after that long silence.
Godwin: Please, deliver this letter to Glory for me won't you? I bet she's worried sick about me.
Godwin: Right, well, I was one of the ones assigned to that expedition. But unfortunately... just as we were getting ready to set off, I realized I'd lost the keepsake that Glory gave me. By the time I was done looking for it, they'd already left...
Godwin: She made you run an errand, you say? I hope it wasn't anything dangerous...
Godwin: Thank you for delivering my letter. *sigh* All I want to do is go back and see Glory... If only...
Godwin: Thank you for taking her my letter. And remember, not a word about any of this!
Godwin: Then things got busy and I forgot all about it... dear me. Could you deliver this letter to her for me? Her name's Glory...
Godwin: There is so much I want to say to Glory, far more than a handful of Dandelion Seeds could ever hope to carry.
Godwin: Wha— How do you know Glory?
Godwin: Yes— erm, well that was the plan... Let me, uh, fill you in.
Paimon: Aha! You must be Godwin? Glory mentioned you!
Paimon: How do you know about Liyue Harbor when you've been milling around Mondstadt this whole time?
Paimon: She just asked us to get her some Dandelion Seeds, that's all. She said by releasing them into the wind, they would convey her heart's desires to you.
Paimon: The blind girl... Dandelion Seed collector...
Paimon: You don't want to lose face.