 Here's what we discovered in the cavern at the summit...
Joel: Daddy... No, that can't be. Daddy's a great adventurer! He'd get out of a small rough patch like this for sure.
Joel: He said that he'd found a way down the mountain in his notes, didn't he? He must've made it down safely. That's gotta be it.
 I suppose he made it down safely...
Joel: Exactly. He must've! He might even be resting right now.
Joel: Or... he might have set up a new campsite at the summit, and is taking a break there right now...
Joel: Whatever the case, I'm sure that once he's all rested up, Daddy will come here and look for me...
Joel: I'll keep waiting for him here. Thanks for helping me out, by the way. Here, these are for you.
 I didn't find anything.
Joel: R—Really? But that Knight of Favonius said that Daddy did go up the mountain.
Joel: Maybe he was mistaken... Or maybe Daddy set up a new campsite elsewhere...
Joel: Well, guess I'll just wait here for him... I bet Daddy would be worried sick if he came home and couldn't find me.
Joel: Thanks for helping me out. Here, take these.
Joel: Where are you, Daddy...
 I suppose he made it down safely...
 Leave it to me, kiddo
 Quest DescriptionJoel asks you to ahead into the mountain to look for his father, who has yet to return from an adventure of his own...
 What's the matter?
 Where should I look?
Joel: Ah, I... Hello... I—I can't find my daddy...
Joel: But I didn't find Daddy here, either. That Knight of Favonius over there said that he'd headed off for the mountain's summit...
Joel: But... but he hasn't come back at all, and I'm worried.
Joel: Daddy... No, that can't be. Daddy's a great adventurer! He'd get out of a small rough patch like this for sure.
Joel: Exactly. He must've! He might even be resting right now.
Joel: He said that he would come pick me up and that we'd go watch the snow together. But the time we arranged has come and gone, and he isn't here yet...
Joel: He said that he'd found a way down the mountain in his notes, didn't he? He must've made it down safely. That's gotta be it.
Joel: He then said that he'd head over to the Outskirts of the Entombed City to have a look, before trying for the mountain's summit...
Joel: How did it go? Any news from Daddy?
Joel: I mean, he promised that we'd go see the snow together. There's no way that he'd break his promise...
Joel: I thought that he must have found some rare and precious treasure map or something, which is why he hasn't come to find me yet. That has to be it, right?
Joel: I wanted to go search for him, but the Knight wouldn't let me. So I'm stuck here waiting for Daddy to come back.
Joel: I'll keep waiting for him here. Thanks for helping me out, by the way. Here, these are for you.
Joel: If you're going up Dragonspine, could you help me look for Daddy?
Joel: Let me think... That Knight said that Daddy did mention going to follow the Snow-Covered Path upwards first...
Joel: Maybe he was mistaken... Or maybe Daddy set up a new campsite elsewhere...
Joel: Or... he might have set up a new campsite at the summit, and is taking a break there right now...
Joel: Please help me to search these areas. Daddy might still be near one of them.
Joel: R—Really? But that Knight of Favonius said that Daddy did go up the mountain.
Joel: So I came to Dragonspine by myself. If he's not going to come find me, then I'll go looking for him... Or so I thought...
Joel: Thanks for helping me out. Here, take these.
Joel: Well, guess I'll just wait here for him... I bet Daddy would be worried sick if he came home and couldn't find me.
Joel: Whatever the case, I'm sure that once he's all rested up, Daddy will come here and look for me...
Joel: Where are you, Daddy...
Joel: Where has Daddy gone...
Joel: You'll do it? Great!
Neatly-Written Note: Anyway, I shall be heading off to the next campsite to resupply and record my progress, and then I'll head down the mountain. Joel is waiting for me, after all.
Neatly-Written Note: I also discovered a Volume 6 of "The Boar Princess" in my backpack. Joel must've sneaked it in there. That cheeky kid...
Neatly-Written Note: I'll just give it a little go. If anything happens, I'll turn back right away.
Neatly-Written Note: Nothing untoward happened on the way here. The weather remains fine indeed. It seems that my luck has turned at last.
Neatly-Written Note: Perhaps I can make a run for the summit after all...
Neatly-Written Note: So far, so smooth. The weather is fine, supplies are plentiful, and the monsters have been on their best behavior...
Neatly-Written Note: Still, this book is above a brave Boar Princess and her journey up a snowy mountain with her companions... Well, I'm heading up a snowy mountain myself, and considering how well everything's gone so far... Who knows? Maybe this book is bringing me good luck. Thank you, Joel.
Paimon: Let's go ahead. Maybe we'll discover some clues.
Paimon: Let's look for him there.
Paimon: Let's wait and see again in a while.
Paimon: Looks like he did set up camp over here. Then, he must've made his way inside.
Paimon: Should we tell Joel about what happened here?
Paimon: That adventurer is also nowhere to be found. Paimon sure hopes he made it safely down the mountain...
Paimon: There's nothing else around here other than this note and that bowl.
Paimon: This is the second camp. Looks like the adventurer was in a rush to reach the peak.
Paimon: This note... Do you think it might belong to Joel's father?
Paimon: Uh... Why is it so quiet? Are those foxes too shy to come near us?
Paimon: You call the shots on this one. Oh, that adventurer asked us to feed the foxes too. Yet another thing on our to-do list!
Scribbled Note: But... I believe that there's another way out for me. The other end of this cave is a cliff, yes, but there's nothing below but thick snow. If I try climbing a certain distance down and then jumping the rest of the way...
Scribbled Note: I don't know why, either, but the rocks above the cave collapsed suddenly, sealing the entrance with the falling gravel. This is very bad...
Scribbled Note: I promised Joel that I'd take him to see the snow. I won't break that promise.
Scribbled Note: My supplies won't last more than a few more days. I have to act soon...
Scribbled Note: Oh, yes. If anyone sees these notes, please put some food into that feeding bowl for those foxes.
Scribbled Note: The snowstorm from the summit came too quickly. I barely had enough time to duck into this cave. I lost half my supplies in the chaos, too...
Scribbled Note: They kept me company the entire time I was trapped in here. If I get the chance, I'd love to bring Joel back here to see them...