 I found this key — is it yours?
 I have some pressing business to attend to.
Wyatt: This is such a huge area. I just don't know where to start looking. Please, you're the only one that can help me!
 I'm afraid not.
 Okay.
Wyatt: Great! It's such a huge area, I just wouldn't know where to start looking.
 Quest DescriptionWyatt is looking for a key he has lost.Wyatt, who escorts goods, is fond of drinking. However, after some heavy drinking, he has lost his key. Try following his footprints to find his key and bring it back to him.
Paimon: (Traveler), you'll have to use your Elemental Sight to find out where Wyatt has been...
Paimon: Doesn't look much like a key to Paimon. Try looking somewhere else.
Paimon: If you follow the route that he took last night, you're sure to find his key eventually.
Paimon: This must be Wyatt's key. Let's take it back.
(Obtain Wyatt's Red Key or Wyatt's Black Key)
Paimon: Wyatt was attacked by slimes — they must have left elemental traces all over him.
There are two investigation points: one on a tower, and one by a small hut. It is not certain whether the key can be found at these locations. There are also hilichurls nearby that can drop Wyatt's Black Key—there may be an Electro Hilichurl Shooter on the tower, a Hilichurl Fighter at the entrance to the small hut, and a Hilichurl Grenadier with 2 Hilichurl Fighters inside the large hut; the one with shiny particle effects and skull next to health bar has the key.
Wyatt's Black Key is obtained by investigating one of the following points:
Next to the cart holding two barrels, which is found against the side of the house with a Seelie Court
At the base of the chimney behind said house
On the hay bale in front of the easternmost house
Wyatt's Red Key is obtained by investigating one of the following points:
By some small crates found at the center of the investigation area
In the large hilichurl hut located in the southwestern part of the investigation area
At the top of the stairs leading to the large hilichurl wok
Wyatt's Red Key is obtained by investigating one of the following points:
In the cart located in the north-northeastern part of the investigation area
By the three buckets found at the center of the investigation area
Next to the cart located in the southern part of the investigation area
Wyatt: Could you help me look for it? It's got to be right around here somewhere... I feel like it's right under my nose.
Wyatt: Found the key yet?
Wyatt: Great! It's such a huge area, I just wouldn't know where to start looking.
Wyatt: Have you found my key?
Wyatt: I panicked and ran, but lost my way. It took me forever to find my cart again. Then, this morning, I found out my key was gone...
Wyatt: I—I'd had too much to drink, and... I just felt drawn to them, you know? I went to check it out and it turned out to be a huge group of slimes. They even bumped into me really hard!
Wyatt: Last night, I was on my way to the city to deliver these goods, when suddenly, some shining orbs caught my eye.
Wyatt: Oh — and take these. Thanks for your help.
Wyatt: This is such a huge area. I just don't know where to start looking. Please, you're the only one that can help me!
Wyatt: Traveler! You couldn't have picked a better time.
Wyatt: Well, it is quite a big search area... Good luck!
Wyatt: Yes! That's the one. I can't afford to let that happen again... I really must rein in my drinking.