 But if you mess up...
 Did you come to investigate the meteorites?
 Is there anything else of note?
 Quest DescriptionJack from the Adventurers' Guild seems to have some ideas on what to do about those fallen meteorites...
 So you want to sneak out and...
Jack: What? Sneak out and... No! Not at all!
Jack: I do want to go out and investigate, yes... But help is needed inside the city, too, and that's very important! I can't just drop my duties like that...
Jack: But it's just that... Well, Cyrus always says that you should make full preparations before starting any adventure.
 The monsters seem to be somewhat abnormal.
Jack: Abnormal? Perhaps it is the influence of the meteorites, then...  Still,  I suspect that someone has reported this already.
Jack: Besides, I have trouble taking on normal monsters. As for these abnormal ones... the less said the better.
 There are still some scholars who refuse to seek shelter in the city.
Jack: Is that so... Well, they've never been the easiest to convince.
 There aren't a lot of adventurers out there investigating...
Jack: Ugh. Now that you mention it, there weren't a lot of adventurers who took up this set of commissions...
Jack: It's always the same few people coming and going. Cyrus has been quite concerned, as well.
 What would you need information for?
Jack: Cyrus always says that you should be fully prepared before starting any adventure.
 What's up?
 Why do you want to join the outdoor investigation?
 You mean the half-prize anniversary promotion at Good Hunter?
Jack: What!? The Good Hunter's having a promotion today? How did I not hear about that?
Jack: Uh, no, wait! That's not what I wanted to talk about...
Jack: So, meteorites have been raining down from the sky lately. I'm sure you've seen them too.
 You mean the meteorites?
Jack: Yes! You must have seen them too, right? They've been falling from the sky for a while now.
Jack: *sigh* I wonder if I'll be able to convince Cyrus...
Jack: *sigh* If only I could go check it out...
Jack: *sigh* Regardless, I have to do what I've been assigned to do, and do it well... Still, can I ask you for a favor, Traveler?
Jack: Abnormal? Perhaps it is the influence of the meteorites, then...  Still,  I suspect that someone has reported this already.
Jack: Ah, it's you. Well, it's not like anything special happened...
Jack: Alright, I understand the situation now. Please take these as thanks for helping me investigate.
Jack: And perform search and rescue operations around those meteorites.
Jack: As for me, Cyrus said that I'd best stay in the city and help to take care of those who've fallen unconscious.
Jack: Besides, I have trouble taking on normal monsters. As for these abnormal ones... the less said the better.
Jack: But I'm busy helping people here at the moment, so I can't go out to gather information.
Jack: But it's just that... Well, Cyrus always says that you should make full preparations before starting any adventure.
Jack: But quite a few have landed outside the city, and they say that whoever touches one of those meteorites will fall into a deep sleep... a kind of slumber that no one can wake them up from.
Jack: Come on, Jack, think... There has to be some way to convince Cyrus...
Jack: Cyrus always says that you should be fully prepared before starting any adventure.
Jack: Cyrus has already gathered and commissioned quite a few adventurers. Some were sent to inform those still out there in the wild to seek shelter in the city...
Jack: Hey! I haven't done anything yet! Don't jinx me!
Jack: Hmmm. No, I suppose this is actually quite special...
Jack: I do want to go out and investigate, yes... But help is needed inside the city, too, and that's very important! I can't just drop my duties like that...
Jack: I'd like you to help me go out there and gather some information regarding those meteorites...
Jack: If I could persuade him that I understand the situation well enough, and that I've made the necessary preparations...
Jack: If you find anything, come back and tell me. Whether I can go out and investigate or not... it's all in your hands now!
Jack: Is that so... Well, they've never been the easiest to convince.
Jack: It's always the same few people coming and going. Cyrus has been quite concerned, as well.
Jack: Maybe he might let me join the investigation teams.
Jack: Maybe it's because my skills aren't up to par yet... But if I'm always stuck with these small tasks, I'll never get the chance to become stronger.
Jack: Scholars who refuse to seek shelter, abnormal monsters, and a lack of available manpower...
Jack: So, meteorites have been raining down from the sky lately. I'm sure you've seen them too.
Jack: So, please, Traveler! Help me go outside and investigate the situation. You don't have to go far, just the Whispering Woods will do.
Jack: Thanks to the Anemo God's protection... or maybe just blind good luck, none of them have hit the city so far.
Jack: The others were to help the Knights of Favonius ascertain the positions of the fallen meteorites...
Jack: Ugh. Now that you mention it, there weren't a lot of adventurers who took up this set of commissions...
Jack: Uh, no, wait! That's not what I wanted to talk about...
Jack: Well, um... I mean, you have to take part in important jobs to prove your worth, you know? That's what I think, at least...
Jack: What!? The Good Hunter's having a promotion today? How did I not hear about that?
Jack: What? Sneak out and... No! Not at all!
Jack: Yes! You must have seen them too, right? They've been falling from the sky for a while now.
Jack: You're back. Did you discover anything?
Paimon: It seems like the monsters nearby have become way more active, and they don't look the same either...
Paimon: Let's go talk to him. Maybe he's found something.
Paimon: Looks like there's an adventurer over there. Why's he out here at a time like this? Maybe he's investigating something?
Paimon: Nothing special here, looks the same as always...
Pallad: Anything else? Well, if I had to say it, it's that quite a few scholars are refusing to return to the city.
Pallad: But monsters near the spots where the meteorites have landed have starting acting up all of a sudden.
Pallad: I have to report these abnormalities to Cyrus as soon as possible.
Pallad: I was discovered, and didn't dare stay in the area, and so I took a few lesser-tread paths to shake them off my trail.
Pallad: No matter how hard I tried to convince them, they insisted on continuing their research.
Pallad: Their strength, movements, and a whole host of other things are totally abnormal, and there's more of them then you usually see, as well.
Pallad: There aren't enough of us adventurers out here either, so we can't simply send them reminders every few days...
Pallad: This is such a headache...
Pallad: Well, Traveler, if there's nothing else, you should be seeking shelter in the city too. We haven't the time to be dallying out here.
Pallad: Well, looks like I've shaken them off for now. Still, what on earth is going on here...
Pallad: Yes, I did. Took a commission from the Guild and all to investigate matters related to the meteorites.