 ...How hardworking of him.
 Allow me, then.
Grace: Thank you.
 Are Dandelion Seeds all you need?
Grace: Yes, they will suffice. The other flowers in Mondstadt do not scatter in to the distance very well, in any case.
Grace: So please do help me get a batch of Dandelion Seeds. I will wait here for you.
 Have them right here.
 I think I've heard of this one...
Grace: Oh, but didn't you help Glory scatter Dandelion Seeds in the same manner before? Did you forget?
 I've just done that.
 Quest DescriptionNow that Mondstadt has been spared from disaster, Sister Grace would like to offer her thanks to the Anemo Archon for its protection of the city.
 Thank you, Lord Barbatos...
 The wind will carry them far abroad.
Grace: That's wonderful. It should be easy for Lord Barbatos to notice.
 What are you up to?
 Why is it done?
Grace: ...Lord Barbatos, please hear me...
Grace: Ah, yes. If you have some time, could you do me a favor?
Grace: Alright. Please take these Dandelion Seeds. Help me go up and scatter them.
Grace: But just knowing that such a diligent deity watches over Mondstadt sets my heart at ease.
Grace: Dandelion Seeds that go with the wind carry the feelings in our hearts with them, whether that feeling is remembrance, or thanksgiving.
Grace: Have you gathered the Dandelion Seeds?
Grace: Have you scattered the Dandelion Seeds?
Grace: I dare not fathom the things Lord Barbatos has done for us.
Grace: I should really do this myself, but with my physical abilities... I would probably have a hard time getting back down, even if I could climb up there.
Grace: I'd like you to help me collect one batch of Dandelion Seeds, and scatter them to the winds at the top of the Anemo Archon Statue...
Grace: I'm praying to Lord Barbatos. It was by his protection that Mondstadt was able to weather this storm.
Grace: Lord Barbatos is the Anemo Archon, so it is most fitting to use these Dandelion Seeds to express our thanks to him.
Grace: Lord Barbatos, I hope that you can hear me...
Grace: Oh, but didn't you help Glory scatter Dandelion Seeds in the same manner before? Did you forget?
Grace: Regardless, I do hope that Lord Barbatos will be able to hear my voice.
Grace: So I'm counting on you.
Grace: So please do help me get a batch of Dandelion Seeds. I will wait here for you.
Grace: Thank you for your willingness to help. Please take this for your troubles — and may the Anemo Archon protect you.
Grace: Thank you, Lord Barbatos...
Grace: Thank you.
Grace: Thanks be to the Anemo Archon...
Grace: That's wonderful. It should be easy for Lord Barbatos to notice.
Grace: These should be enough. Please wait here for a moment...
Grace: We also have him to thank for the safety of the Knights of Favonius and the adventurers of the Guild.
Grace: Yes, they will suffice. The other flowers in Mondstadt do not scatter in to the distance very well, in any case.
Paimon: Who knows if that Tone-Deaf Bard is listening...
Paimon: Wow, she's so... devout. So... many words...