 Consider it done.
Cyrus: I'll leave it to you, then. Don't worry, you will be compensated fairly!
 I've got other matters...
Cyrus: Alright. Go get your affairs in order first. I'll think of a way to get someone to clear those monsters out.
Cyrus: *sigh* Where has that kid Bennett run off to? I hope he didn't run into any trouble.
(Does not accept the quest)
 Is that a bad thing?
 Quest DescriptionThe storm has subsided, but Cyrus seems displeased...
 There are still monsters out and about...
 You seem unhappy about this.
Cyrus: Ah, this... Well, you know how the young people in Mondstadt all wish to join the Knights of Favonius, with their shining armor, their flying banners, the glory, and Master Jean as well...
Cyrus: As for the Adventurers' Guild, the only impression of us people have is that of people who bumble about outdoors... Basically, no one cares about us.
Cyrus: I thought to myself that if there was an opportunity to show the Guild's mettle, we might be able to bring in more fresh blood.
Cyrus: Ah, but it doesn't matter. The safety of Mondstadt is more important than my own personal wishes.
Cyrus: I'll leave those monsters to you. I'll have your compensation ready.
Cyrus: *sigh* Where has that kid Bennett run off to? I hope he didn't run into any trouble.
Cyrus: ...We were going to teach them to set up basic camps, do pest control, avoid beasts and monsters...
Cyrus: Ah, but it doesn't matter. The safety of Mondstadt is more important than my own personal wishes.
Cyrus: Ah, never mind. Rather than take our chances out there, better to remain safe within these walls.
Cyrus: Ah, no... It's good that they stopped, yes.
Cyrus: Ah, this... Well, you know how the young people in Mondstadt all wish to join the Knights of Favonius, with their shining armor, their flying banners, the glory, and Master Jean as well...
Cyrus: Ah, yes. Some of our investigating adventurers have informed me that there are monsters congregating in the Whispering Woods.
Cyrus: Almost everyone is out investigating, and I must remain here to command them.
Cyrus: Alright. Go get your affairs in order first. I'll think of a way to get someone to clear those monsters out.
Cyrus: As for the Adventurers' Guild, the only impression of us people have is that of people who bumble about outdoors... Basically, no one cares about us.
Cyrus: Hahaha! So there's still time, then – time for the Adventurers' Guild to show its quality.
Cyrus: Hmm... But it's all too sudden. I came up with so many contingency plans. Are we not going to get the chance to any of them?
Cyrus: I thought to myself that if there was an opportunity to show the Guild's mettle, we might be able to bring in more fresh blood.
Cyrus: I understand. Thanks for your help investigating. I will reconsider the commissions that we will be sending out. Take these as your reward.
Cyrus: I'll leave it to you, then. Don't worry, you will be compensated fairly!
Cyrus: I'll leave those monsters to you. I'll have your compensation ready.
Cyrus: It is up to us to take those monsters out in the wild on, while the Knights of Favonius are still focused on defending the city and the area around Mondstadt.
Cyrus: Monsters are still in the area, eh? So it seems that the effects of the Storm have yet to disperse...
Cyrus: My contingencies included ways to scatter the people in the wild to avoid the storms, teach them how to survive...
Cyrus: The storms suddenly stopped...
Cyrus: Traveler, can I count on you to clear those monsters out?
Cyrus: You're back. What's the situation?
Paimon: Hmm... Paimon's got a bad feeling about this bonfire. Wonder what they could be using it for?
(After defeating all the enemies)
Paimon: Let's go tell Cyrus about what we've seen here.
Paimon: Look at all those barrels of Pyro Slime! Only those monsters would dare to do something so dangerous. Let's help them clear these away, shall we?
(Approach the second location)
Paimon: Look at this tower... Are the monsters preparing to build a camp here?
(Approach the third location)
Paimon: There's still so many monsters... Seems we've only seen the beginning of them...