 Either way, you probably shouldn't speak too loudly in the library.
 Either way, you should both pipe down a bit.
 I'll see what I can do.
 I've got this covered.
 Quest DescriptionElla Musk is trying to study in the library, but it seems something is disrupting her...
 So, about the racket in the library...
 Someone complained that you're too loud.
 That was Wyratt's idea.
Ella Musk: Still, Miss Lisa probably would have been mad if she had seen the state the library was in earlier. This is a library, after all — a place of learning.
 That's right — oh no, how terrible! Who will save us?
 Well, Lisa's reputation precedes her.
Ella Musk: Guess I can finally continue my research in peace. Here, take this as thanks.
 Wyratt should be maintaining order in here.
Ella Musk: What can he do? Throwing people out won't solve the root cause of the problem.
 You can bring it up with Lisa...
Ella Musk: But I've heard that she's currently out on patrol with the Acting Grand Master. If she were here, those couples would surely be on their best behavior...
 You might want to keep it down too, Paimon.
 You seem upset.
 You should keep quiet in the library.
 You sound fiercer than usual.
Besotted Woman: Excuse me? Did you want something?
Besotted Woman: My apologies, I'll be more mindful of that. I just can't help giving voice to my feelings sometimes.
Besotted Woman: Oh, I'm so nervous...
Besotted Woman: Once again, I'm truly sorry. I'll keep my volume in check.
Besotted Woman: So now you understand. Some things are beyond our control.
Besotted Woman: Wha—!? That was amazing!
Ella Musk: A library is not a place for romantic rendezvous! Unless one aims to disrupt all scholars actually studying inside as intended, that is!
Ella Musk: But I've heard that she's currently out on patrol with the Acting Grand Master. If she were here, those couples would surely be on their best behavior...
Ella Musk: But be careful. They're quite difficult to handle...
Ella Musk: Ever since the Windblume Festival started, there's been a great number of people hanging out here. Initially, they were keeping quiet and reading books, but then they started... chatting.
Ella Musk: Guess I can finally continue my research in peace. Here, take this as thanks.
Ella Musk: My apologies... That's because the library's been so loud recently that I can't study Hilichurlian in peace.
Ella Musk: Please lend me a hand, I really need some peace and quiet...
Ella Musk: Still, Miss Lisa probably would have been mad if she had seen the state the library was in earlier. This is a library, after all — a place of learning.
Ella Musk: Thank you. Those three couples over there are making the most noise. If you can make them aware of how bothersome their babbling is, I'll be able to continue my research.
Ella Musk: That was quite ingenious of you. Quite unexpected.
Ella Musk: That's why I need to ask for your assistance. Please tell them to get a hold of themselves.
Ella Musk: There's more... They did a lot of terrifying things...
Ella Musk: Turning book corners... Sticking strange objects between the pages... They even went as far as to put books back on the shelves upside down!
Ella Musk: What can he do? Throwing people out won't solve the root cause of the problem.
Ella Musk: Ye ika gusha mosi!
Man Doing Magic Tricks: And what shall my next trick be? No need to tell me, just let me read your mind...
Man Doing Magic Tricks: This book-born rose is just like you — delicate and full of scholarly beauty...
Man Doing Magic Tricks: While you weren't paying attention, I drew out a rose from between the pages.
Paimon: *sigh* Guess nobody's in the mood for advice, huh?
Paimon: Crucial moment...?
Paimon: Eh!? What? Lisa's coming back soon?
Paimon: H—He didn't listen at all...
Paimon: It doesn't seem like they took it to heart...
Paimon: It's like talking to a brick wall.
Paimon: Look at all those books lying around in complete disarray. Somebody will have to put them back on the right shelves, and they're not gonna be happy about this mess.
Paimon: Making dog-ears on pages. Stuffing roses into books, putting them onto shelves the wrong way... These are definitely violations of the library rules.
Paimon: None of them have very good library etiquette. Best we go talk it over with Wyratt.
Paimon: Oh no! She'll be real mad when she finds out that people have made a mess out of the books and even dog-eared the pages, won't she?
Paimon: Oh, sorry. Paimon didn't mean to...
Paimon: Oh, what are we to do? Oh, oh! Maybe there might still be time if we start cleaning up now!
Paimon: Ugh... they're not paying us any mind at all...
Paimon: Well let's go pass Lisa's message on to those people in the library who aren't reading the way they should.
Paimon: Well, you shouldn't be disturbing others either way. Also, stop putting the books back on the shelves with spines facing inward!
Paimon: You should also put the books you've finished reading back where they belong.
Paimon: You're being too noisy! And books aren't meant to be used as props for magic tricks! You'll tear them apart!
Seemingly Rational Man: *sigh* I understand. I must be encountering some strange hindrance to my research...
Seemingly Rational Man: But I can never do this, and especially not when I'm debating with her — I just can't seem to keep my cool and think.
Seemingly Rational Man: If I want to prove the veracity of my logic, I must ensure that I keep my cool.
Seemingly Rational Man: Sorry, but I won't rest until I figure this out.
Seemingly Rational Man: What's the matter, I wonder?
Seemingly Rational Man: You've come at the right moment. I'm having a little trouble right now, and I'd like your opinion on it as an outlander.
Seemingly Rational Woman: I find it strange, too. Did you not sleep well last night? Or are you hungover?
Seemingly Rational Woman: If there's nothing else, let's discuss the other contents of this research.
Seemingly Rational Woman: You claim that "fluctuations of emotions may influence the accuracy of research and analysis"? This assertion is founded on insufficient grounds.
Upon hearing what Paimon said, the couples quickly clean up the scene and leave in a hurry.
Wyratt: Do you mind going into the Library to pass Miss Lisa's message along?
Wyratt: Hello, how may I help?
Wyratt: I see... I guess we'll just have to use "that method"...
Wyratt: Miss Lisa mentioned in the past that there will be consequences for breaking the library rules...
Young Man in Love: *sigh* It's like in that book — an obstacle in the way of our love...
Young Man in Love: Ah, your gentle nature makes me fall for you even more...
Young Man in Love: I do. I swear on my life.
Young Man in Love: Let's read this one next. Would you like me to read it to you?
Young Man in Love: Such a thrilling story! It's a shame they didn't get to have their happy ending.
Young Man in Love: That goes without saying. Even if we we're torn apart and placed in different corners of the world, I'd find a way to bring you back to me.
Young Man in Love: Yeah, yeah, we got it. Could you leave us alone? You've interrupted us at a crucial moment.
Young Woman in Love: Huh? I've been keeping my voice low all this time.
Young Woman in Love: No matter what hardships befall us, do you promise to stay the same as you are now and never change?
Young Woman in Love: Of course. I love hearing you tell stories.
Young Woman in Love: That seems a bit excessive... The very though of losing you tears my heart in two.
Young Woman in Love: We definitely won't become like them, right?