 About the Eye of the Storm...
 Alright then...
Henry Morton: Believe me, I wouldn't be able to forget something like that coming to interrupt my research if I tried.
 Quest DescriptionYou reach an uninhabited island across the sea, which is home to an enigmatic sundial. Who knows what secret it holds?
 Step DescriptionIn pursuit of the Eye of the Storm, you return to the vicinity of the Thousand Winds Temple. There is a sundial here as well, and it seems to be exactly the same as the one on the uninhabited island...
 Well, there's a sundial on that island...
 Well...
 What are you up to, here?
Henry Morton: Me? I'm doing a bit of research.
Faint Voice: "An ancient tale comes whisked in the wind..."
Faint Voice: "In time, it will grow and sprout once again..."
Henry Morton: Ah, so that's "time and wind..."
Henry Morton: And the method to solve its riddle is the same? Then, there must be some link between these two sundials, and the two places they are located in.
Henry Morton: Believe me, I wouldn't be able to forget something like that coming to interrupt my research if I tried.
Henry Morton: But I'm sure that it wasn't an Eye of the Storm. I would have recognized that thing anywhere.
Henry Morton: But there was no news of him at all, and so I discontinued my studies and hurried back here.
Henry Morton: But there's nothing here but a sundial, and there are no other clues...
Henry Morton: He became an archaeologist thereafter, traveling the world and doing surveys, while I continued my studies in the Akademiya.
Henry Morton: He even said something like "Once I've uncovered the secrets of your homeland, you're the first person I'll tell."
Henry Morton: He's also a scholar, and we went to Sumeru Akademiya together.
Henry Morton: Hmm? Did you have business here, Traveler?
Henry Morton: How did you summon it?
Henry Morton: I didn't hear from him afterwards. I asked someone to send Cyrus a letter, requesting that the Adventurers' Guild help me look for my friend's whereabouts.
Henry Morton: I must continue my research. If you're interested, you can have a look at my research notes. I've left it over there.
Henry Morton: I must find a way to get to that island, and quickly...
Henry Morton: Me? I'm doing a bit of research.
Henry Morton: Oh, yes! Now I remember. I've actually seen that island sometimes, when the weather's clear.
Henry Morton: So, there's another sundial exactly like this one on the island, am I right?
Henry Morton: Thank you, Traveler. Once I've made some preparations, I will look for you, and we shall visit that uninhabited island together.
Henry Morton: Thank you. If I have the chance, I will head to that island to have a look. For now, however, I still have to figure this place out.
Henry Morton: The Eye of the Storm? I've been in this area this entire time, and I've never seen any such thing, except for that sudden huge wind earlier...
Henry Morton: To be precise, I'm doing research together with a friend of mine.
Henry Morton: Traveler! Come over here!
Henry Morton: Ugh! Wh—What a mighty wind!
Henry Morton: Wait... You said that you found a notebook next to the sundial? Did that fellow go there?
Henry Morton: What? There's another sundial elsewhere that's identical to this one, and it's on an island?
Henry Morton: When he came to Mondstadt, he told me excitedly that he was surveying the Thousand Winds Temple.
Henry Morton: Where did this thing come from? It wasn't here before!
Henry Morton: Where is this wind coming from?
Henry Morton: Who knows? Perhaps there's something in there that might help you.
Paimon: Did it escape? Whatever it is, it's definitely an elemental life form with a reaction like that.
Paimon: Huh? That strange feeling that was here seems to be gone now.
Paimon: Let's check the area out. We might find some clues!
Paimon: Maybe we should read that notebook a bit more carefully.
Paimon: Oh, it seems to Paimon that this can be easily scattered by the wind.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't get what's special about it, though...
Paimon: Still, this place looks like it hides some secret...
Paimon: That way leads to the Thousand Winds Temple. C'mon, let's move those legs!
Paimon: These seem to be somebody's notes, but what's this scribbled on top? Let's open it and have a closer look.
Paimon: This must be the sundial mentioned in the notebook!
Paimon: What does that even mean? ...Paimon has no idea.
Paimon: What's going on? Did the time already pass?
Ravaged Carving: "Stories brought on the wind will bloom into legends in due time."
You give Henry Morton a detailed account of how the riddle was solved.