About Aloy
About Us: Action
About Us: Moving Forward
About Us: Oath
After the Rain
All right. Feels like we're making progress, but we can't stop now.
Ally at Low HP
Aloy here. I don't know this world, but my arrows are sharp and my bow's ready. If your party needs help, I'll do what I can.
Aloy's Hobbies
Aloy's Troubles
An oath seems like a formality. But if you want mine, you've got it.
Argh!
Birthday
Can't get up... It's over...
Character Idles
Chat: Help
Chat: Moving Out
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Come on, gotta find that weak spot...
Come on. Enough standing around, let's keep moving.
Day's half over, but we still have a lot to do.
Deploying Wind Glider
Don't get reckless!
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Ever seen one of these?
Everything I do is in the service of life, not death. That's why I'm here with you.
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Feelings about Ascension: Conclusion
Getting better. Getting stronger. Always a good thing.
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Got something for you!
Ha! This thing is fun!
Had an Oseram stew once that was so thick you could pave a road with it. Ugh.
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
I failed...
I got this.
I grew up an outcast, and it wasn't much fun. Even though I'm a stranger here, people are friendlier than the tribe that was supposed to raise me. It's... nice.
I never had parents. But a man named Rost raised me. He was stern, but kind and generous. And he trained me well. I miss him.
I spent my whole life looking for my mother and never found her, not really. But I found ancient messages from the woman I was... cloned from. It felt like she knew me. And how to inspire me.
I'll do whatever it takes to finish this with you. I won't hesitate. I won't falter.
I'm Aloy. Ready for the hunt.
I'm down... I'm sorry...
I'm not much for talking about myself. The mission is what's important.
I'm not picky. Anything's better than traveling on an empty stomach.
I'm out of my depth...
If I have to share something, it'll be my bow... in the service of people who need the help.
Interesting Things
Joining Party
Jumping
Least Favorite Food
Let's get going. There are people who need our help.
Let's see, that looks edible... and this looks useful.
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Low HP
Mid Attack
More About Aloy: I
More About Aloy: II
More About Aloy: III
More About Aloy: IV
More About Aloy: V
Morning. World's starting to stir again. Me too, I guess.
Need help? I'm here.
Never put much stock in birthdays. Where I come from, it's a time to celebrate your mother, not yourself. Even so, I wish you a, uh... happy day.
Night's here. Time to rest, unless we're going on by starlight.
No matter how good a hunter you are, you can always get better. Never rest. Never stop learning.
Not sure if I have a hobby, unless you count reading things from the past. So, history... I guess?
One world needed saving. Now another. There's never time to rest.
Opening Treasure Chest
Rain. One way to wash off the grime.
Should've known this wouldn't be easy...
Sky's running out of rain for now. Time to dry off.
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Sunset. We'll be under the stars soon.
The hunt is on!
The world always seems quieter when it snows.
These things look like they could come in handy.
This is a new one.
This land has a past full of secrets, just like my world. I'll uncover all of it, if I have enough time.
This one's a fighter...
This'll pack a punch!
Trust doesn't come easy for me, but I know I can trust you. You're a true friend, and I don't say that often.
Ugh...
Watch out!
When I grew up, I didn't have any friends. Later in my travels, I made some. But I left that world before we could grow close. That's why I'm glad to have spent time with you.
When It Rains
When It Snows
When It's Windy
When the Wind Is Blowing
When we started out, you were just another stranger in a world I didn't understand. But after everything we've been through, I can say this for certain: My bow is yours, now and always.
Where to this time?
Who put all these things here?
Wind is really whipping now. My face feels raw.
Wind's kicking up again. Feels good to breathe it in.
You're stuck now!