*panting* Ugh... You'll... pay for that!
...I'm feeling uneasy all of a sudden! Was that Kaeya with you earlier? Did he give you any trouble?
About Albedo
About Amber
About Bennett
About Collei
About Eula
About Jean: Care
About Jean: Help
About Kaeya: Concerns
About Kaeya: Culprit
About Klee
About Lisa: Admiration
About Lisa: Listening to Stories
About Mika
About Noelle
About Us: Contests
About Us: Gliding
About the Vision
After the Grand Master left on his expedition, all the affairs of the Knights of Favonius, both big and small, have been left up to Jean. If only there was more I could do to help her...
After the Rain
Agreed, getting rest is essential! Let's meet here tomorrow then. See ya!
Albedo spends most of his time in his workshop, tinkering away with all of his awesome stuff. But, when you see him in person, you can never quite tell what he is thinking, not a clue at all.
Ally at Low HP
Amber's Hobbies
Amber's Troubles
Another target tracked down by Outrider Amber!
At the ready!
At this speed, no one can keep up with me!
Baron Bunny, today is another squeaky clean day!
Betcha can't keep up with me!
Birthday
Can I get lunch with you?
Character Idles
Chat: Hobbies
Chat: Longings
Chat: New Discoveries
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Collei wrote to me saying that her Eleazar has been completely cured... I'm so happy for her! I wish I could fly to her side right now and give her the biggest hug! She also said she misses everyone in Mondstadt, and that once she's ready, she'll come visit us in person and tell us all about her progress... Oh, it would be great if she could make it in time for the next Ludi Harpastum. Aaah I can't wait to see her again!
Deploying Wind Glider
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Eula is a great friend of mine! You just need to get used to her sense of humor and you'll get along fine! The only reason she's misunderstood by so many people is her family name. How can I get them to see her for who she really is?
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Get ready for the Gliding Champion of Mondstadt!
Get them!
Go go Baron Bunny!
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Hey!
Hey, Happy Birthday! Here, I have a gift for you: an exclusive, custom-made version of Baron Bunny that I sewed for you myself... Don't worry, "custom-made" means that it won't explode!
Hey, there's something strange over there... C'mon, let's take a look!
Hey... Need some help?
Hmm? Bennett... I feel like I've heard that name before... Oh! Yes, he's that hot-blooded guy from the Adventurers' Guild, right! I tend to come across him way out in the wild from time to time, he seems to really love treasure hunting.
I can handle anything and everything! As long as it isn't cold Wolfhook juice... Ugh, yuck...
I feel like running.
I joined the Knights because of my grandpa, I stayed because of Jean. ...And now, you're the one that showed me the world beyond Mondstadt. I couldn't be happier.
I love this kind of weather, ahh... so relaxing~
I wish I was as good at cooking as you...
I won't let you down!
I would like to explore the other worlds beyond. I wanna see how deep the rabbit hole goes! You'll keep me company right, right?
I'll never surrender!
I'll race you there!
I'll share my ultimate Gliding Champion secret with you! The most important thing to remember, is to have courage!
I'm a pro at hunting, you know! How about I show you some of my skills? Or even better... how about a little competition?
I'm really not that good with riddles. I always try to avoid the riddles stand during Ludi Harpastum... What about you?
If Lisa's not sleeping, she'll be reading! I don't know how she does it, I wouldn't be able to sit still for that long.
If only the wind was a little stronger...
Interesting Things
It seems that now... I've improved so much compared to when we first met! Hehe, thank you so much! Let me treat you to a Sticky Honey Roast! Let's go, let's go!
It's getting late, should I light a torch?
It's raining again... This will hinder our vision, we must remain vigilant!
Jean makes the most amazing cup of coffee! You'll have to try it sometime.
Jean might still be working? We should invite her for coffee... Let's go.
Jean will be upset if she catches us lazing around like this.
Joining Party
Jumping
Klee? She can be a bit cheeky sometimes, but everyone in the Knights of Favonius likes her. Although... I really ought to keep a closer eye on her if I wanna keep her from getting put in confinement by Jean again.
Least Favorite Food
Leave it to me!
Let it rain!
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Look, there's a pigeon over there! *giggle* I wish I could fly alongside them.
Low HP
Mid Attack
Mondstadt Gliding Champion, yep, that's me! Gliding Champion!
More About Amber: I
More About Amber: II
More About Amber: III
More About Amber: IV
More About Amber: V
Morning! Want to go on a jog?
Must keep... training...
My Vision... Is a sign that the Archons believe in me. Yes, I must become the best Outrider I can possibly be!
No escape!
No one escapes my sights!
Oh no, it's raining... now my uniform will get all wet...
Oh! Mika's a veteran of Eula's team. When he first arrived, it was always "Yes, Commander!" every time he spoke to me — I guess it must have been because he saw how close I was with Eula. But then, even after I told him I was actually an Outrider, he still called me "Ma'am"... It was so embarrassing. We have completely different responsibilities, after all. I definitely could never match his expertise in cartography.
Oh... Do you have any idea how to make a decent Moon Pie?
Opening Treasure Chest
Opening a chest is like unwrapping a gift!
Ouch! Meanie...
Outrider Amber reporting for duty! Just say the word if you ever need my help!
Outrider Amber, reporting!
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Remember that I don't go easy on anyone, even you!
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Take cover!
That's cheating!
That's more like it!
The skies over Mondstadt seem to have gotten smaller... or is it that my sight reaches further than ever before?
The view from the Cathedral's clock tower is amazing! You should check it out.
There's something weird-looking about the dandelions in the garden... Hmm, I bet Kaeya had something to do with this!
This breeze... so refreshing!
Tired...
Told you I'd win.
Ugh, not so hard!
Uh, I'm just not used to this taste, sorry! Nothing to do with you of course!
When I'm teaching you to glide, I feel like I can go even faster than usual... Huh? What are you laughing at? I'll prove it! We can race — right now!
When It Rains: Reminder
When It Rains: Worries
When It's Windy: Pleasant
When It's Windy: Relax
When the Sun Is Out
When you have time, we should go see Lisa! Last time I saw her, she was telling me about a story involving a treasure in the Dragonspine area. But, we got cut off before she could finish. I can't wait to hear the rest of her story!
Wow! This is delicious, you're an amazing cook!
Wow, these will come in handy!
Wow~ This weather is awesome!
Yeah! As fast as riding the wind!
You got me...
You wanna know about Noelle? She's super resilient. Still, since she's younger than us, we should look out for her.
♪Hmm~ hmm~ hmm~ hmm~ hmm~