"To the wind that guides me: When I'm exhausted, bless me with the strength to keep going forward. When I'm uncertain, bless me with the wisdom to distinguish good from evil. When I suffer from injustice, bless me with the courage to fight back..." ...Oops, my apologies, I was just doing my prayers. *giggles* You need something?
*Pant*... *Pant*... I'm fine!
*pant* Keep going...
*pant*... I'm fine!
*yawn* All this standing around is making me so sleepy...
A dance from Barbara, to bring you more healing!
About Amber
About Barbara
About Bennett
About Diluc
About Jean
About Lisa
About Noelle
About Rosaria
About Us: Dreams
About Us: Hopes
About Varka
About Venti
About the Vision
Acting Grand Master... Leader of the Knights of Favonius... Everyone seems to like her a lot. Oh? Me? I... Of course I have nothing but admiration for her!
Ally at Low HP
Are you tired? Try my new spicy energy drink, I'm sure it'll wake you up!
Aw, thank you so much for your support! Oh no, I'm too excited, my heart just can't stop racing!
Barbara's Hobbies
Barbara's Troubles
Being an idol, I learned from Alice that "A true idol should always try to heal the soul of the people..." Yes, I completely agree.
Bennett always comes to the Cathedral covered in scrapes and bruises... Though it clearly never bothers him a bit, given the big grin he always has on his face. He really should take better care of himself.
Birthday
Character Idles
Chat: Encouragement
Chat: Keeping One Refreshed
Chat: Sleepiness
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Come on, we can do it!
Deploying Wind Glider
Do you like spicy dried fish? I have two in my bag. Here, have one!
Don't stay out in the rain for too long, you'll catch a cold!
Don't worry about me...
Don't worry! I will not... be blown away!
Eek!
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Every time I get on stage I always start to doubt myself — can I really heal every person in Mondstadt? But I look at you now, and I feel that as long as we keep marching forward, maybe one day I might just— Huh? I've already healed you? Well, one's not enough! I've already healed a lot of people? I suppose...
Everyone has their own desires. To bring together and fulfill those desires and make everyone happy — that is the purpose my Archon has bestowed upon me.
Everyone has their own desires. To bring together and fulfill those desires and make everyone happy — this is the purpose my Archon has bestowed upon me.
Everyone is working super hard, we should be too!
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Go Barbara, go!
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Gotta keep trying!
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Here you go! This is the gift I got for your birthday, along with my exclusive autograph! Hehe, when my next song comes out, I'll make sure you're the first one to hear it! Happy birthday!
Hmm hmm hmm♪ Things are going so smoothly today~
I always take good care of Lisa. If she ever wants to become a star, she'll have my unconditional support, I'll cheer at the top of my lungs until my voice goes hoarse... Hmm, that might scare off her other fans though...
I can't stop now, they need me!
I could never get bored of the breathtakingly beautiful nature that surrounds Mondstadt. I've heard that there are blue trees that exist by the sea shore near Inazuma City. I just need to save up a little more, and... What's that? You want to know what I'm saving up for? *chuckles* That's my little secret.
I don't like anything bitter, especially... ugh, bitter gourd.
I don't want to see you hurt...
I feel... a little weak...
I really want to eat some spicy squid at Good Hunter... but my stomach, er... Never mind...
I want to heal everyone. This simple thought was all the motivation I needed to become a Deaconess. As long as I'm able to help everyone, I'll be content.
I wonder when I'll be as tall as my big sister...
I'll protect us!
I'll take care of it.
I'm doing my best everyday... I hope my efforts earn the trust of the people of Mondstadt.
I've seen Amber rushing out of Mondstadt on a mission countless times. Being an Outrider doesn't look easy.
Interesting Things
It's a rare pleasure to eat food that suits my tastes so well. Today is a blessed day! Hehehe.
Joining Party
Jumping
Keep going...
Knights look so cool when they swing their sword in combat! Don't you think so? I tried using a sword before but... *sigh* Uh, let's just say I have zero talent with a sword.
Least Favorite Food
Let the show begin!
Let's dance!
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Low HP
Ma~ da-da-da-da~ da-da-da-da~ da... da!
Media:VO Barbara Climbing Breath 01 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Climbing Breath 02 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Climbing Breath 03 (1.0).ogg
Media:VO Barbara Deploying Wind Glider 01 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Deploying Wind Glider 02 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Deploying Wind Glider 03 (1.0).ogg
Media:VO Barbara Heavy Attack 01 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Heavy Attack 02 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Heavy Attack 03 (1.0).ogg
Media:VO Barbara Heavy Hit Taken 01 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Heavy Hit Taken 03 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Heavy Hit Taken 04 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Heavy Hit Taken 05 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Heavy Hit Taken 06 (1.0).ogg
Media:VO Barbara Jumping 01 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Jumping 02 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Jumping 03 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Jumping 04 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Jumping 05 (1.0).ogg
Media:VO Barbara Light Attack 01 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Light Attack 02 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Light Attack 03 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Light Attack 04 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Light Attack 05 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Light Attack 06 (1.0).ogg
Media:VO Barbara Light Hit Taken 03 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Light Hit Taken 04 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Light Hit Taken 05 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Light Hit Taken 06 (1.0).ogg
Media:VO Barbara Mid Attack 01 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Mid Attack 02 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Mid Attack 03 (1.0).ogg
Media:VO Barbara Sprint Start 02 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Sprint Start 03 (1.0).ogg Media:VO Barbara Sprint Start 04 (1.0).ogg
Mid Attack
More About Barbara: I
More About Barbara: II
More About Barbara: III
More About Barbara: IV
More About Barbara: V
Morning~ Let's do our best today.
My companions keep getting injured, but I'm unable to share the burden of their pain. The only thing I can do is my absolute very best to heal their wounds! I'll make sure that everyone is healthy.
My dream is to bring a smile to the faces of all the people in my life! As long as I can help you on your journey, I'm happy~
My father left on the expedition with Grand Master Varka... I hope they are okay. Oh, what am I worried about? The Grand Master is none other than the Knight of Boreas, of course they will be fine! Still, I will be sure to pray for their safe return.
Noelle is just the cutest! She's so kind and patient, you just feel totally relaxed when you're around her. ...Oh yeah, and she makes the tastiest snacks! Best part is, they're also healthy. Hehehe!
Noelle is just the cutest! She's so kind and patient, you just feel totally relaxed when you're around her. ...Oh yeah, and she makes the tastiest snacks! Best part is, they're also healthy. Tee-hee!
Oh no!
Oh, Master Diluc? Last time, when I was performing at Angel's Share, he kept frowning... Maybe he doesn't like my singing?
Oh, look at it sparkle!
Oh, uh, oh dear...
Oh? You want to hear me sing...? Sorry, the show is... It hasn't started yet.
Ooh, snowflakes! Look at them dance!
Opening Treasure Chest
Ouchie!
Ow!
Please, let me tend to your wounds!
Please, tell me how I can be stronger! Just leave it up to you? No, no, that won't do! I want to help too!
Ready, steady go!
Ready, steady, go!
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Sister Rosaria is hard to get to know, especially given she never joins in on prayers, but... Oh, I'm sure she believes in the Anemo Archon! Although, I still don't really have the courage to try to talk to her...
Sister...
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Sunflowers always face the sun. They're so bright. In fact, my mother sent me a sunflower-style dress... I wonder when I'll finally get to wear it on stage?
Tada! *giggles* Barbara is here~ Leave the healing to me, I will not disappoint you!
Thank you for being with me for all this time, I can feel that I'm getting closer to my dream. Hope we can keep this up in the future~!
Thank you for cooking these for me. This time around, you are the one healing me!
The smiles on the faces of the people I've helped keeps me going.
This is the kind of surprise I could sing about.
This weather is so amazing! I could burst into song.
Traveling with you, I have discovered that the world is my stage! Thank you so much! *giggles* Ok! Let's shout it one more time! Three, two, one — Go Barbara, go!
Traveling with you, I have discovered that the world is my stage! Thank you so much! *giggles* Ok! Let's shout it out one more time! Three, two, one — Go Barbara, go!
Venti's voice is amazing! But all the songs he sings and the ones I'm good at are very different. I tried to learn them but... the melodies are just so complicated.
Venti's voice is amazing! But the songs he sings and the ones I'm good at are very different. I tried to learn them but... the melodies are just so complicated.
We can do this!
We had a great day today! Get some rest.
When It Rains
When It Snows
When Thunder Strikes
When the Sun Is Out
When the Wind Is Blowing
Whoa!
Why has everyone stopped singing?
Wish me luck!
♪La la-la-la-la~