"In response to the homo— homogenization of crop species... taken import measures... avoid long-term consumption of fungal foods..." What is the point of all this... They're literally saying, "I don't wanna eat mushrooms," but because they're from the Akademiya, they have to make it sound all complicated!
..."Prinzessin der Verurteilung"? ...Mmm, nope, sorry. I wasn't in Mondstadt for very long, so I didn't hear of her. That name, though... *grimace*... Ahem, nothing.
A Forest Ranger... forever.
About Amber
About Collei Herself: Cram
About Collei: Forest Ranger
About Cyno
About Dori
About Faruzan
About Fischl
About Kaeya
About Kaveh
About Lesser Lord Kusanali
About Lisa
About Nilou
About Tighnari
About Us: New Friends
About Us: Old Friends
About the Vision
According to today's forest patrol route map... we need to head here first, then make our way over to there... Hmm... There's a loooot of writing...
After all this time, Lisa still calls me "Little Collei" when she writes to me. I feel like by now she... hmm? She calls you "cutie"? Hahaha... Sorry, I don't mean to laugh, um... but I must say, that makes me feel a lot better.
After the Rain
Ah, I'm feeling alright today. I'll take the chance to try and get some more done than usual.
Ahh, the wind is perfect. Not too light, not too strong... Hehe, I bet Amber would be itching to test her limits in this weather.
Ally at Low HP
Although Master can be quite stern and is always criticizing adventurers for carelessly eating poisonous mushrooms, he is actually a gentle soul. He's so patient when he tutors me, and he even reads out letters from Mondstadt for me. I've always been very grateful to him.
Amber is amazing. She's friendly and has tons of enthusiasm, plus she's really brave and always does the right thing... She's the person I admire most of all! She's like a cozy fire that makes everyone around her feel warm. There's no way I'd be where I am today without her... So much time has gone by — I bet she's even more cool and confident than ever these days! Who knows if I'll ever be able to match her.
Amber's mentioned you before in her letters. I can't believe how much has happened in Mondstadt since I was there. Too bad I had to skip the words I didn't know, so I missed out on a lot of details... Oh, but since you're here now, would you be willing to tell me the whole story?
Are you going to keep traveling? Let me do my part, please? I'll study hard... whether it's reading, medicine, combat, or assessing the danger... even something small, like checking the streetlights! I hope that many more people will get the help they need along the way... just like how you saved me.
Are you ready to get some sleep? Okay. The campfire's lit — I'll keep watch tonight.
Birthday
Character Idles
Chat: Forest Patrol Route Map
Chat: Memory
Chat: Status
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Collei's Hobbies
Collei's Troubles
Cuilein-Anbar, help!
Deploying Wind Glider
Does this mean I'm making progress?
Don't push yourself!
During my wandering days, there were times when I had to crack open Wolfhooks and force them down if I didn't want to go hungry, so there aren't really any foods that I especially hate. If I had to pick one thing that I won't touch, it would be mushrooms of any kind. Nothing to do with the flavor — I just don't want to ever be the one on the receiving end of one of Master's stern lectures...
D—Don't touch me!
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Even if it's a life-or-death situation, I'll never need to rely on their power again.
Even though the rain has stopped, you still need to watch out for puddles. Just like how the past stays in the memory, long after... Ah, ahem, sorry!
Everything's ready, let's go!
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Fly.
Go!
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Good morning! *yawn* Sorry, I was catching up on my studying again last night...
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Hmm? You wanna know what it is that I'm studying every day? ...Y—Yes, my master is a brilliant intellectual, but no, he's not teaching me anything heavily academic at the moment. It's, um... heh, "Basic Literacy in Teyvat"...
How the...
How's everyone in Mondstadt, are they good? I caused so much trouble back then, I sometimes wonder if I should make some time to go back there and apologize... Hmm, but what if I ran into the Cavalry Captain, and he started teasing me? ...Yeah, there's no rush, maybe I'll leave it a while longer.
I knew... this day would come...
I never thought there'd come a day where I get my own Vision. In the past, I used to think that the gods only cared about people who were born popular... Um, but I was in a bad place back then. Sorry.
I ran into her once on forest ranger duty. She pulled out a bottle of fruit juice from her bag that looked really tasty, as if she somehow knew I was thirsty... Fortunately, Master was there, and he stopped me from spending all of my hard-earned Mora in a moment of weakness...
I used to think that I'd never make a single friend in my whole life, but things changed when I went to Mondstadt... Then after that, I met Master in Sumeru. Now I've met you, too. All in all, I think I've been really lucky.
I wandered the wilderness for quite a long time before arriving in Sumeru, and I've eaten everything out there countless times — edible or not. Since I'm familiar with the wilderness, the work of a Forest Ranger seemed a natural fit for me when I arrived here. If they did courses in wilderness survival, I'm pretty sure I could pass... well, as long as there was no written test.
I was once taken to someone they call "The Doctor" for treatment for my Eleazar... well, actually "treatment" is the wrong word — it was more... experimentation. After so long in that place, I couldn't help but start to wonder, what have I done wrong to deserve this? Why won't anyone come to rescue me? Gradually, I went from hating just the Fatui to hating everyone in the world. Thinking about it now... it was quite childish.
I'll ensure your safety.
I'm starting to feel like... I'm finally a better person than I used to be.
I've been through worse!
Interesting Things
It probably wouldn't even matter if I unsealed that power now — I've come so far, I think I'd be able to control it, don't you? Well — only one way to find out! Hu-uh!...Just kidding. My real superpower is all about the adventure experience I've had with you.
It's getting dark out. You need to be extra careful if you're going through the forest at this hour.
It's important to replenish your supplies often when you're out in the wild.
It's quite normal to be out until midday on the longer patrol routes. I brought a few extra Pita Pockets — would you like one?
I—I can keep going!
Joining Party
Jumping
Just like we rehearsed!
Least Favorite Food
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Low HP
Master is always reminding me that practice makes perfect, so I sometimes try reading some light novels to improve my reading ability... Because they're at least easier to read than Master's essays. But recently, I was reading this book where the main character has loads of different skills. Each one has a name, and I didn't know a single word in any of them... Hmm? The title? I think it was, um... "Onibudou"? Have you read it before?
Mid Attack
Mmm... It's delicious! Could you teach me?
More About Collei: I
More About Collei: II
More About Collei: III
More About Collei: IV
More About Collei: V
My hobbies? ...Sewing, practicing gliding, and helping people! Hmm? Sounds familiar? Well, that's because... I want to be someone that gives people that warm feeling, too.
No... not like this...
Opening Treasure Chest
Phew, glad there weren't any poisonous mushrooms inside.
Pita pockets are travel-friendly and filling, so they're probably the food I eat the most. But if we're talking about more than just "filling," my favorite food would be... mmm, Fried Radish Balls, I think.
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
She seems a little absent-minded. If she ever comes to perform around Gandharva Ville, I'm worried she'll end up wandering off into the forest and getting lost... So I'll have to watch out for her, as a responsible trainee forest ranger should.
Something to Share: Sealed Power
Something to Share: Skill Names
Sorry, Master says I'm not supposed to eat anything that looks suspicious.
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Thanks to you guys, my Eleazar has disappeared without a trace. It's the miracle that I never dared to wish for. ...I never held out hope for a cure, I just figured I'd try and just do as much as I could before my body stops moving. First I was focused on revenge, then forest patrol... and now, finally, I am free to live my life.
The Dendro Archon... When I was a kid, there were so many times when I just wanted to scream out to the gods and ask them why, why did I have to go through so much pain...? *sigh* But, for all I know, maybe the gods feel just as helpless about everything they have to endure as I did back then.
The General Mahamatra once brought him to our place for a meal. From the moment the fruit arrived on the table, he ranted non-stop about his difficult and stubborn roommate for the entire meal. We didn't get a single word in the whole time. We just nodded along and tried to stifle our laughter. It took a lot of effort.
The weather's not bad. Let's get some sun! Hehe, after all, it's excellent for your health.
Trainee Forest Ranger Collei, reporting for duty! I will ensure your safe passage through this forest. ...Phew, I think I've finally got that line down! ...I—I didn't get any of it wrong, did I?
Trainee Forest Ranger Collei, reporting!
Try this on for size!
Ugh... Here we go again: "The power sealed within me grows restless"... and "You'd be wise to stay away from me"... Why are people in Inazuma casually coming out with lines like these all the time? Doesn't it embarrass them when they think back on it later? Aaah... no, it's too cringey. I can't read any more of this!
Uh, H—Happy Birthday! Here's the cake I made for you, and here are the candles, so yeah... Amber said in her letter that this would do the job... Oh! And, and here's the gift I got for you!...I'm sorry, I don't have much experience arranging birthday parties. I have no idea if you'll like it... Aah, I'm getting all flustered now. If anything's not how you like it, please say, and I'll make absolutely sure to plan a nicer birthday celebration for you next year!
Uh... I'm hurt pretty bad...
Um... I'd rather not talk about him, if that's okay? Oh, no — the General Mahamatra isn't a bad guy or anything. Matter of fact, I have him to thank for bringing me back from Mondstadt to Sumeru and finding me a safe place to stay. It's just that... whenever I'm reminded of the sealing process just before leaving Mondstadt... ooh... the back of my neck starts hurting again...
Um... To be honest, I don't really know how to handle people like Madam Faruzan... She's always saying that I'm a hardworking student and eager to learn, but that's because I have to be! I'm a slow learner, so I have to put in the extra effort. Oh, there was a time when I accidentally saw her research journal — only for a second, though. It was all written in old script, and I couldn't even make out half of it... Definitely the scariest book in Teyvat!
Well, there's plants and animals, there's ones you can eat and ones you can't, but beyond that it's all much of a... uh, muchness really? ...Shh, don't tell Master I said that. Although... personally, I guess I quite like trees that have a hollow in it? Especially in those moments where I just want to curl up in a ball and hide away. Everyone must have moments like that, right? ...No?
When I don't have much to keep me occupied, old thought patterns start to creep back in, and— Soon as I start talking about it, the flashbacks start...
When I ended up in Mondstadt, I said a lot of things to Amber and the others that I shouldn't have. I still feel ashamed whenever I think about it... How could I talk like that to people who were just trying to help me? I shudder to think what they must have thought of me back then... Uhh, sorry, maybe we can leave it there for today? If I go any further than that, I know I'll regret it tomorrow.
When Thunder Strikes
When the Sun Is Out
When the Wind Is Blowing
When you hear thunder, it's best practice to stay away from tall trees. Rangers must also be on the lookout for any signs of a forest fire.
With skills like this, I bet you never go hungry when you're out in the wilderness, huh?
Wow, this is so lucky.
You wanna know more about me? If you mean about before I came to Sumeru, then, um... M—Maybe you could write to Amber and ask her about it? Wait wait wait, no, not that. If Kaeya found out, that would be a disaster. What am I saying — of course he'd find out! O—Okay, I'll tell you myself, then. Whew... I'm sorry! Please give me a few days to work up to it...
You're gonna get injured...