...Umm, thanks.
About Diluc
About Diona
About Eula
About Jean: Enemies
About Jean: Responsibilities
About Kaeya
About Lisa
About Mona
About Us: Needs
About Us: Proof
About Varka
About the Vision
Ah, yes... I've heard about her. She has her own convictions. Her determination to liberate herself from the shackles of her clan is praiseworthy. But, she's... joined the Knights of Favonius.
Ally at Low HP
Alright, see you next time. I'll make sure you leave safely.
Birthday
Burn!
Careful!
Character Idles
Chat: Knights of Favonius
Chat: Relax
Chat: Wine Guild
Checkmate! ...Still, it's been a while since someone tested me this much.
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Damn you!
Darn you!
Deploying Wind Glider
Diluc's Hobbies
Diluc's Troubles
Diluc, of Mondstadt. Not interested in idle chit-chat. If you have things you want to get done, let me know.
Diona's attitude towards me is... how should I put it? Rather rigid. I've yet to find the opportunity to speak with her properly. I'm not sure if it's an issue with my family line or— Oh? It's not? She simply despises alcohol? Huh... I never thought I'd come across another bartender like myself in Mondstadt.
Don't burn yourself out! Retreat!
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Exquisite. Unforgettable flavors.
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Grand Master Varka... Whilst I understand his disposition, I can make no sense of his actions. ... I—I've said too much already. I've long since left the Knights of Favonius. Forget I said anything.
Guess we can rest a bit.
Haah!——
Hah!
Happy Birthday. This is an important day for you. So tell me, what is it you wish for? If it is within my power to bestow it upon you, I will give it my consideration.
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Her unparalleled sense of responsibility is the sole reason why she still hasn't found her true calling.
Hmph, better than nothing.
Hmph.
Huh? Knights of Favonius? ...I have nothing to say about them. We have different views is all.
I believe Lisa has the potential to become the most reliable of the knights. If she's willing.
I can see the chef put their heart into this one. A fine dish.
I don't like alcohol. It's just... I don't like how it feels in my mouth...
I don't need an umbrella, but you can use one if you need.
I still have a lot to do at the Guild, how about you take a rest while I go back?
I suppose this will do.
I used to believe... if I was to stamp out evil, I would have to walk alone in darkness. However, seeing your perseverance, I know I was wrong. Friend... I owe you my thanks.
I've become stronger... Though it is still not enough, I will always face the darkness.For dawn to come, there must be those who dare to pierce the darkness with their light.
Interesting Things
Is that all you've got?
It's been a long while since I played chess with anyone but my butler. I just so happen to have a moment. Care to play a round?
Joining Party
Jumping
Just say the word if you need anything. For reimbursements, ask Elzer.
Kaeya? You can only trust half of what he says... at best.
Least Favorite Food
Let's finish this, swiftly.
Let's go.
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Listen, as long as you stick to your own path, it doesn't matter what mother nature throws at you.
Low HP
Mid Attack
More About Diluc: I
More About Diluc: II
More About Diluc: III
More About Diluc: IV
More About Diluc: V
My flame... has been... extinguished...
Night has fallen.
No need for small talk. All that matters is that you were safe last night.
Not bad. Be it chess or combat, you always seem to surprise me. Hmm... working with you is quite the novelty. So... I look forward to continuing to work with you, partner.
Occasionally I'll work the bar at Angel's Share. The tavern is known for being the center of information in Mondstadt.
Opening Treasure Chest
Power is necessary if we are to meet our objectives.
Rain... If only it could cleanse the corrupt souls of this world.
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Some use the wind's whistling to drown out the sound of their crimes.
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
The artwork in the manor? It's not mine. It's a collection that belonged to my late father.
The darkness that seethes with evil, full of demons that must be vanquished... will take more than a blade to be torn asunder.
The land of Mondstadt, by the Anemo Archon's grace, is bountiful. I see no need for the harvest forecasts of astrologers.
The legend of the "Darknight Hero"? An interesting rumor.
There can be no excuse... for defeat...
Time for — retribution!
Trifling matters can become Jean's greatest enemy.
Urgh!
Visions are a light in the sea of darkness that surrounds those who have lost their way. But for those who have faith, they are little more than badges of conviction.
We'll need more where that came from.
What lies in wait for us? I rarely stop to think about it.No matter what dares to stand in my way, I must press forward.
What's our objective?
What? Why do you ask? ...It's an owl, quietly watching its prey from the darkness, waiting for the perfect moment to strike... Flawless.
When It Rains: Cleansing
When It Rains: Umbrella
When the Sun Is Out
When the Wind Is Blowing
Where did I go wrong...
Would you like to try the secret menu?
You have already proven your determination. Well then, it is now time for you to witness my resolve.
You have business to attend to?
You should really bring the Knights of Favonius with you next time.
You want to know what's in my glass? It's... grape juice. My drink of choice.
You will pay for that!
Your verdict is...!