"How did the Destroyer of the Wine Industry become the Cat's Tail's mascot...?" Y—You're asking this just to make fun of me! Ohhh, you're awful! I won't be giving YOU any more drinks, not even water.
(Hold) Scratch Attack!
(Hold) Shaken and stirred!
(Hold) Think you can bully me?!
A cat's ears can hear even the softest footsteps on the ground.
A cat's eyes can see even the most elusive prey in the dark.
A cat's legs can climb even the tallest tree in all of Teyvat.
A cat's nose can smell those people they are familiar with and like... Ahh!? You're mistaken, how could I say something like that... Ohh...
About Albedo
About Barbara
About Diluc
About Diona
About Her Father
About Jean
About Kaeya
About Klee
About Lisa
About Us: Curiosity
About Us: Drinks
About Us: The Need to Chat
About Us: VIP Channels
About Venti
About Xiangling
About the Vision: Heirloom
About the Vision: Origin
Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius... A rare, mature adult who doesn't drink... But perhaps a little too earnest, cause is it just me, or are the Knights overdoing it a bit on protecting me? Hm!
Ahh!!! Uhh, um... I'm not shaking, I'm not... Ohhhh...
Ahhh... that stretch feels good.
Alchemy genius? Hmm... I wonder if he knows of a way to finally help me make a drink that people don't like?
Ally at Low HP
Aw, I failed... Ugh, again... Everyone loved my drinks! Gah... Don't try to comfort me. I—I don't need comforting!
Be more careful!
Birthday
Bleugh... I smell wine.
Can't handle your drink? Hmph!
Can't keep my eyes... open...
Carrots, potatoes, onions, tomatoes... I don't like the taste of any of those vegetables. ...In fact, I don't eat vegetables at all!
Character Idles
Chat: Relax
Chat: Thinking
Chat: Waiting
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Come on, let's go bask in the sun a bit~ ...If you aren't coming, I'll just go by myself~ ...Last chance! Are you coming or not!?
Deploying Wind Glider
Diluc... I can't stand him! If there was no Diluc, there would be no Mondstadt wine industry; if there was no Mondstadt wine industry, Daddy wouldn't drink; and if Daddy didn't drink... he would keep me company. Ohhhh...
Diona Special!
Diona's Hobbies
Diona's Troubles
Diona, bartender of the Cat's Tail! I charge a hefty fee for private events. Huh? You didn't come here for a drink? Hmm... Then I accept your invitation... I suppose...
Don't, don't make me angry. I'm pretty tolerant, but don't even try to mess with me. I'm warning you, I bite when I get angry! Meow!!! ...But maybe I'd let you off easy, no bites...
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Every time Klee wants to play with me, I take her somewhere far from the tavern. Alcohol and explosives... yeah, that's a dangerous combination! I mean, do I want to destroy the wine industry of Mondstadt? Yes, but not in that sense!
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Good Afternoon: Canned Food
Good Afternoon: Strange Noises
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Got me that time...
Ha, I'm here.
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hehe, leave it to me!
Hello
Here you go — fried fish with my special sauce! ...Relax, I didn't add anything strange! My cooking is actually really good when I want it to be — stop talking and try it already! Hmph... that's better... Oh, and uh, happy birthday.
Here! I call this Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea, I just made it one day when I was bored... Huh, you say it's popular? People are lining up to buy it? Don't be ridiculous.
Hey, do you think there are any exotic plants on Dragonspine? Maybe something with a deadly bitterness, or something that numbs your mouth upon contact? I'm going to pick a lot! And then... hehehe-hee-hee...
Hey-yah!
Hey... What do you take me for, some sort of stray cat!?
Hmm. Lizard Tail, Pepper, Starconch, hmm... what else do I need to create the most dreadfully disgusting cocktail?
How come all my fans are drunk middle-aged men, while Barbara's are all young people...? Hmph! So stupid. Forget it!
How did I get my Vision? Simple — everyone in the Kätzlein lineage gets one. ...Huh? Then why doesn't Draff have a Vision? Uhh... Oh no, the cat's out of the bag! Eek!
How is it that even a captain is a disgusting boozehound! You know, that guy who's got that laugh! He downs drink after drink. Ugh!
How, oh how can I make awful-tasting drinks...? I had high hopes for the soy sauce, milk, Jueyun Chili, and Dandelion Seed cocktail — my most nightmarish combination to date! But even that was met with praise at the tavern. "This is Little Diona's best drink yet..." Grr! But I won't give up...
Huh, need my help as usual?
I adore my daddy more than anyone else! He's the greatest! But... Daddy after he drinks, ugh... Argh! I must bring an end to the wine industry of Mondstadt, and soon! No time for chit-chat!
I enjoy hunting. I'm especially good at tracking down prey! But Daddy says that the wild is dangerous. One should only go deep into the forest with a reliable adult. ...You're a reliable adult, right?
I like, no, LOVE to eat fish! The fish Daddy cooks is the best, a purrfect main course! ...But eating fish as drunk food, that's absolute blasphemy!
I won't accept defeat!
I'll admit, that was pretty sweet... but that doesn't mean I haven't had sweeter.
I'm flying!
If it doesn't ruin a drink, it isn't treasure!
Interesting Things
It's not over yet!
I—I wasn't waiting for you. I just happened to be resting!
Joining Party
Jumping
Least Favorite Food
Let's go, let's go!
Life as a mixologist is very busy! When I'm not at the tavern, I'm out collecting ingredients for new recipes. So... So unless something is urgent, don't bother me.
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Lisa is so nice and gentle! But... how can such a gentle person also be a regular drinker!? Ohhhh... Why!? ...There's really no hope for Mondstadt, is there?
Look at you, boozehound!
Low HP
Meow...!
Mid Attack
Mmm! I just wanna ask you this... Will you bring more of it next time?
More About Diona: I
More About Diona: II
More About Diona: III
More About Diona: IV
More About Diona: V
Morning~ Can you hand me that can of salted loach from the cabinet? Time to destroy the wine industry!
My ears and tail are no prop, they're real. Proof of my Kätzlein bloodline. It's only weird to you cause you've never seen it before. Wh—Why are you looking at me like that? Fine. You can touch my ears for a second, but the tail is off limits!
On the rocks!
Ooh, it's so cold to touch. Wow, it's so much fun!
Ooooh, look at the little white snowflakes dancing in the wind, to and fro, and... whew, isn't it... beautiful! C'mon, c'mon c'mon, sit with me... Watch...
Opening Treasure Chest
Pew-Pew~!
Phew, hoo.
Phew.
Potential treasure... *sigh* Alright curiosity, you win again!
Rain! I hate rain! ...Let's go inside... I—I'm not scared of water, I just... hate it when my clothes get wet.
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
So glittery... Must... control... urge to pounce...
Something to Share
Spring fairy... ugh... don't leave me...
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Take a breather!
The hunt begins!
Uh, I was saving this can of fish for when I was really hungry. Stop looking at it like that! ...Mmm, okay, I'll let you have a little taste, but nothing more!
Venti? I'm not familiar with him... He's a bard? Oh, he must be that guy who sings tunes to entertain the drunkards. Well, then I don't like him, no no no...
Well, if you ever feel lonely, you can chat with me. I know lots of cool things~ I'm a good... what's that called... chatting partner! Yes! A good chatting partner, come chat with me... lots... ...okay?
What's that!? What's that!? Let me see! Maybe I can add it to my next cocktail to give it a dreadful taste... Huh? It's just a strange-looking mushroom, how boring...
Wha— Ugh, no! You heard nothing!
When It Rains
When It Snows: Playtime
When It Snows: Viewing
When Thunder Strikes
When it comes to butterflies, I'm the best at pouncing on— err, catching them. Hey, not in a fun way! I catch butterflies to add a nasty taste to my cocktails. I'm not a cat! Meow! *hiss*
When the Sun Is Out
Where'd that come from!?
Why should I tell you!? Hmph! ...*sigh* Since you won't stop asking... and since we are friends, I'll tell you: One time, my daddy went missing on a hunt in a big storm. All I could think of was finding him, saving him... That's it, are you happy now!
Without cat vision, will you be okay walking home in the dark? If you need me to escort you... What? Th—There's lights? Pff, well who said anything about escorting you? Go on now.
Xiangling once gave me a "so-awful-it-goes-with-nothing" food combination she came up with, saying how it tasted absolutely terrible, blah blah blah... It didn't work, no use at all. All my little cat ears heard that night was "One more cup of that good stuff!" *sigh*
You and me... we're good friends now, right? I kind of remember having a friend like this before, but maybe it was a dream... Here, give me your hand. Ahh... Hmm, nice and warm... Very nice... please don't leave me, and become another dream.
You want a non-alcoholic drink? No, that's not difficult, but it's meaningless! It doesn't have anything to do with my grand plan of destroying the wine industry of Mondstadt. I won't waste my time on such a drink, hmph!
You wouldn't ask me to meow like a cat, like those boozehounds at the tavern do, would you? I wouldn't do it, no way! I'm not some little house pet that just shakes my ears real cute and stretches my back! I'm... I'm Diona, Destroyer of the Wine Industry!