"Drink only spring water, eat only whole grains," that's my motto. So I would be grateful if you could please remove that treacherously enticing-looking plate of delicacies from my field of view. Much obliged!
"Where merchants flock and all ships dock, and over the oceans flows its stock." People say this in praise of Liyue's prosperity. But a city only becomes this successful through everyone playing their part diligently. That's the attitude I take to my work — I want to be worthy of what we enjoy here.
"With authority over a thousand comes responsibility to a thousand." Rex Lapis knows the meaning of hardship better than anyone else in Liyue — he has seen everything that has happened from ancient times to the present day, and yet he was forced to give up his entire life. Compared to him, I'm just an everyday Vision holder with everyday responsibilities. I can't complain about my workload.
About Beidou
About Ganyu
About Keqing: Changing Perspective
About Keqing: Estrangement
About Morax: Follower
About Morax: Trust
About Ningguang
About Shenhe
About Us: Evaluation
About Us: Requests
About Us: Work
About Xiangling
About Xiao
About Xingqiu
About Yanfei
About Yaoyao
About Yelan
About the Vision
Access denied.
After the Rain
Ah, I love the smell of Glaze Lilies.
Ah, Yanfei... Even back when she was an innocent little girl, she would tell me that "you have to keep your promises to live a happy life." Now, she's grown up to be a beautiful, graceful, and highly successful young woman. Although the work of a legal adviser is complicated, she always seems so carefree. This puts my mind at ease.
Ah, the air is just right.
All hail!
All of Rex Lapis' decisions prioritize the welfare of all life in Liyue. That's what I admire about him the most. I want to live up to the same standard... but it seems that the harder I try to follow in his footsteps, the more overwhelmed I get and the more mistakes I make...
Ally at Low HP
As per our contract.
Beautiful treasures are a cause for great happiness.
Birthday
Born of ice and frost.
Character Idles
Chat: Anxious
Chat: Attentive
Chat: Relaxed
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Come on, focus!
Copy that! Here is a draft Service Agreement for your review and consideration. Effective immediately, if all is in order... Ah! Wait a sec, wait a sec, I forgot to sign it... Gan... Yu... There. Right. Now... What was it you needed me to do for you exactly?
Could we maybe... find a peaceful resolution instead...? Never mind, doesn't matter...
Deploying Wind Glider
Did I miscalculate?
Each Tianquan adds their own interpretation and amendments to the founding laws of Liyue. The current one, Ningguang, does it with unmatched efficiency, but that efficacious manner of hers draws a great deal of criticism. I suppose it is always simpler to criticize than to tolerate.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Even though I'm part qilin, I'm still part human too. Still, all these years I've been asking myself the same question: Do I really belong in the human world? Maybe I'm just like a Dendro Slime hiding in the earth, burying myself in numbers and reports in order to escape reality.
Even though Ms. Yelan is absent from work for the majority of the year, I'm sure Lady Ningguang must have her reasons for making exceptions for her. Of course, it wouldn't be my place to ask, so I don't know the details of their arrangement. I remember seeing her one day on my way back to Yuehai Pavilion, she was having breakfast with a group of people — they were all talking and laughing, eating, drinking tea... I must admit, I found myself feeling a little envious in that moment.
Excuse me! Plan first, then execute!
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
For Rex Lapis!
Ganyu's Hobbies
Ganyu's Troubles
Glaze over!
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
He seems like a bit of an outsider, socially. Probably just his personality... I can understand that, to be honest, but I'm not really about to try and get close to him. I mean... all the people he's ever agreed to team up with are no longer with us...
Healthy body, healthy mind...
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
I actually don't know her all that well — I've only heard bits and pieces from Cloud Retainer. From what I've heard, she can be quite ferocious. Whenever her temper gets the better of her, she is likely to start obliterating her surroundings. I wonder if she's just... bored. Should... Should I recommend some work to keep her occupied?
I appreciate the thought, but... meat's not really my thing.
I can fix this!
I cannot stand her disrespectful attitude towards Rex Lapis! But he says to me, "Ganyu, this is just the kind of person Liyue needs in this day and age." I guess I'm not smart enough, because I simply do not understand what he means by that. I think I need more life experience to become wise enough to comprehend his words.
I don't understand why people insist on going all out to try and prove how their existence is more valuable than everyone else's. To exist in the first place is a beautiful thing, and that's enough... isn't it?
I finished all my assignments early today. ...O—Overtime? I understand. I'll get right on the case.
I have absolute faith in Rex Lapis. It was only through his leadership that we were able to repel the monsters and subdue the sea creatures, and thus protect the peace of Liyue. The sight of him protecting the masses, and the memory of our centuries of camaraderie... I shall never forget it.
I remember reading in an ancient text that "Only when days be darker than the darkest night, may a qilin be compelled to fight." That's a massive exaggeration... But should the time come for battle, and should you need me, then I will give it every ounce of my strength.
I suppose this is the new way of life, then. I'm not going to complain. I'll try to embrace it.
I want to understand more about humans... And I especially wish to hear what you think of them. Why, you ask? Because you're... you're a bit different from most people in Teyvat, just as I am... please, tell me what you think.
I'm a little low on energy.
I'm just way out of practice.
I'm somewhat of a picky eater, sorry you went to all this trouble...
I've had a long, hard think, and I've realized that so long as it's for a work-related matter, there's really nothing for me to be embarrassed about. So if you really need to understand me more... This, uh, hairpiece... it's actually my horns. That's right. I'm part illuminated beast, qilin to be exact. Okay so, now we've got that out the way... Please sign this non-disclosure agreement for me. And don't tell a soul.
I've named every single doggie living in Liyue. But they're so funny, some of them still respond even when you call them the completely wrong name. How fascinating is that? Like, if people were to call me "Bantu," how am I supposed to know they're talking to me? No way would I respond.
If you lie on the grass, you can feel the heartbeat of the world.
Interesting Facts: Name
Interesting Facts: Qingxin
It is something of a luxury, but I love listening to the rain from the courtyard.
It's so nice to de-stress.
Joining Party
Jumping
Least Favorite Food
Let's see... "I want to understand Ganyu better..." Wh—What sort of request is that!? I've never done this before... Um, um, um... Okay... I can ah... run you through my annual review from last year? That should bring you up to speed on me... No good? Oh, okay then...
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Look how brightly lit the city is at night! Amazing. I wonder what it's like for all the people down there... Hmm? Umm... No thanks, I think I'll pass on the night market. Sorry...
Low HP
Many happy returns! After all the times you've looked out for me, I didn't even remember to get you a gift — whoops! Silly me, I... What's that behind my back? Ah. You saw it then. It's a failed attempt at making a Qingxin Flower cake... I wanted it to be perfect, but... Oh, you think it tastes good? Do you really?
May Rex Lapis watch over you. May your dreams be peaceful and sweet.
Mid Attack
More About Ganyu: I
More About Ganyu: II
More About Ganyu: III
More About Ganyu: IV
More About Ganyu: V
Morning! What's wrong, is there something stuck in my hair? ...Oh. Please don't stare at my h—hairpiece.
Must... press... on...
My contract goes... unfulfilled...
My hobby... I would say my job. What? Why don't jobs count as hobbies? I thought hobbies are supposed to be things you look forward to doing, and that make you feel good when you've done them? That describes my job perfectly. So what's the issue?
My job is to honor my contract with Rex Lapis by looking out for the interests of all living things in Liyue.
Next on the agenda...
Ngh... Didn't see that coming.
No touching!
Oh good! I was just thinking that the Silk Flowers at the Feiyun Commerce Guild needed watering. The transport co-ordinators will probably moan about the muddy mountain roads again, though...
Oh, the sun's out. When did that happen?
Opening Treasure Chest
Perhaps whoever left these behind was... also fulfilling a contract?
Please step back!
Power? ...Now there's a key performance indicator I haven't needed in a long time.
Qilins are strict vegetarians, so please do not take offense when I decline meat dishes. Yes, that includes your vegetable fritters since they have been fried in animal fat. Thanks, but I can't. I'm afraid I really can't. I don't mean to argue, it's just I have a keen sense of smell, so I know how they've been cooked.
Qingxin Flower petals are pretty tasty. Incredibly tasty, actually. The only reason I don't plant any at Yujing Terrace is because they taste so good that I worry I wouldn't be able to control myself... Huh? Bitter... Yes, they are... Isn't that what they're supposed to taste like?
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Recently, everyone in Yujing Terrace has been saying nasty things about the Crux Fleet. But in my personal opinion, Beidou's contribution to Liyue Harbor goes far beyond what those miserable rumor-loving heathens could even contemplate! ...Oops! I'm sorry, I... I'm not quite sure how that one slipped out...
Rex Lapis... I am sorry!
She came to me recently to discuss the reopening of the Bishui trade route. She even asked me what Rex Lapis would do if it were him. Admittedly, what we came up with was not quite on par with what he would have chosen. But... seeing the way she kept starting her plan from scratch over and over again, I think I started to understand her a little bit.
Should we really be off work this early? There is still a lot left to do...
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Such authentic delicacies... Oh no! I think I might have eaten too much...
Thank you for always making time to chat with me. I feel like I must have spoken more after meeting you than I have in the last ten years put together. If I keep going like this... Maybe one day I'll be able to move on to something other than secretarial work. Now that I've got a few hundred years of experience under my belt, I should be able to avoid any more major mistakes.
There's nothing wrong with reaping a reward every now and then.
This is long overdue.
Time to begin work?
Ugh... I need a nap. If there aren't any urgent matters, I'll excuse myself...
Um so, yeah, uh, I was, uh... I was wondering what your opinion is on my work so far? Would you say I'm... more of a Common Chest or more of a Luxurious Chest? I—It's fine. I—I can, uh... I can take it.
We're way behind schedule...
What are my orders?
When It Rains: Listening to the Rain
When It Rains: Worries
When It's Windy
When the Sun Is Out
Xiangling is a celebrity! Um, but... I try to avoid her restaurant. Just... because. No reason. ...Okay, fine. It's not a big secret anyway. It's because you can smell her cooking all the way from the other end of the street. And once you get a whiff, I mean, that's it. You're gone. Next thing you know, you're ordering your second, maybe third round... You just can't control it. Even though I only eat the vegetarian dishes, I don't know what it is. But that is not a road I want to go down again... Not after...
Yaoyao... Someone I know at the Ministry of Civil Affairs tasked me with keeping an eye on her in the city, making sure she doesn't try and sneak aboard the Crux... Oh, you want to know what the Ministry of Civil Affairs does? ...Who knows, am I right!? Heh... Who knows what they do? ...Not me...
You have a last-minute job for me? Okay, uh... Sorry, please don't try and explain it all verbally... Write it down, leave a note here. I'll get to it as soon as possible.
You mean the boy in the blue jacket from the Feiyun Commerce Guild? He's nothing like his father and brother, doesn't seem to care about the textile business at all. Seems it's because as far as he's concerned, there are more important things for him to be doing. Of course, I'm merely speculating...