*sigh* I gotta find something fun to do... Sitting around doing nothing is a fate worse than death.
*sigh* What a bummer...
A bright moon aloft amid the vast, clear skies... Moments like these are just perfect for writing poetry.
About Baizhu
About Beidou
About Chongyun
About Hu Tao: Favorite Tricks
About Hu Tao: Name
About Keqing
About Ningguang
About Qiqi
About Shenhe
About Us: Battle
About Us: Curiosity
About Us: Helper
About Us: Night
About Xiangling
About Xiao
About Xingqiu
About Yun Jin
About Zhongli
About the Vision
Ah? ... *chuckles* Toodle-oo!
Ahhhh~ What a nice breeze~
All yang and no yin? Who knew such people existed in this world.
Ally at Low HP
Argh...
Ayaya!
Baizhu? Ugh, that guy...
Balance must be maintained, and yet destinies remain variable. Death has its own rules, and yet is still hard to predict. Remember — no matter where, no matter when, no matter what the reason — one should never poke fun at death. Only once you know and respect death can you truly understand the value of life.
Beidou is well-known in Liyue. She doesn't know me, but that's cool, me just knowing about her is enough. Aw man... I really do wanna make friends with her.
Birthday
Character Idles
Chat: Customers
Chat: Taking a Break
Chat: Wangsheng Funeral Parlor
Chi!
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Cross over!
Deploying Wind Glider
Eeeeeee!
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Fighting's a pain. For me, it's not an objective so much as a means to an end. Using the means to reach the end, to fight for that which I will not compromise on — it's in this way that you and I are the same.
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Good eye!
Go~
Have you seen Qiqi? Tell me where she is, quickly. I need to go seal her away, hee-hee!
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hee-hee, moon's out, and so am I!
Hello
Hu Tao's Hobbies
Hu Tao's Troubles
Hu as in "Who put me in this coffin?" and Tao as in "I can't geT OUt!" Hehe... No, not funny?
Huh!
Huyoh!
Hyu~
I hear master Xingqiu is writing a book? Standard novella, or a ghost story? I think I should go tell him about all the things I run into — that'd make for a really good read!
I never imagined that I, Hu Tao, could ever be like this. Energy like a rushing torrent, a heart soaring like a gliding eagle! I feel great!
I'll remember that...
I'm Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's 77th Funeral Director, my grandfather was the 75th. First thing I took over was funeral affairs. Haha, surprising huh? And just like that, it's already been a few years... Time really does go by so quickly.
If I reach my full physical potential, then the next test is of the heart. It's largely thanks to you that I've been able to step foot into this uncharted territory. It is here that heart and soul are as one like clouds. Death is a constant for all among the multitudes that sit beneath the heavens.
If we bury it, maybe it'll spring back to life!
If you ask me, there's nothing hard or scary about working at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, it's just a pain is all. It's a shame — others see us going out to work at night and just don't understand — and that's what scares them. *sigh* You all just don't understand!
Interesting Things
Is it... my time?
Jackpot!
Joining Party
Jumping
Least Favorite Food
Lemme have a go!
Lemme show you some fire tricks. First... Fire! And then... Whoosh! Fire butterfly! Be free!
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Lightning! Let's bolt!
Low HP
Mid Attack
More About Hu Tao: I
More About Hu Tao: II
More About Hu Tao: III
More About Hu Tao: IV
More About Hu Tao: V
My hat's gonna get blown away!
Need a hand, need a hand? I'm here! If you need some assistance, I'm here to give it my all to the very end!
O-ya? O-ya-ya-ya?
Oh, what a cute treasure coffin!
Oh, you sleepy? Get some rest, I'm gonna take a walk by myself...
Oh? Is it time for me to join you?
One client, two clients, three clients!
Opening Treasure Chest
Positive energies is unity between yin and yang... Who knew such people existed in this world.
Pyre, pyre, pants on fire!
Qingxin Slime Condensate... Bleugh... Surely this is Xiangling getting payback...
Quit it!
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Run around all you like during the day, but you should be careful during the night. When I'm not around, best keep your wits about you.
Send one, send 'em all!
She is quite the fascinating individual, completely different from anyone else I've encountered. Do you think if I started eating divine herbs and drinking the dew of the mountains every single day, I'd be able to look as pure and pristine as she does?
Snow!
Some plants only grow in gloomier spots with ample moonlight. You ever seen any? Oh, no? Well, I'll have to show you next time.
Something to Share
Splendid, splendid! Now, allow me to compose a poem in loving memory of this dish.
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Suh!
Sure you don't want my help? C'mon, it's a great deal: cook twice the amount in the same time!
Take it easy!
The Yuheng, Keqing... she's quite hard to talk to. She's so uptight, hehe... Really makes me wanna mess with her. She wouldn't knock me in the head with her sword though, right? Or would she...?
This isn't good!
Tianquan Ningguang... Well-off, a radiant gaze, exquisite face, in the know and capable of anything!
Time to go!
Tonight the stars are dazzling and the moon majestic, it must be a special day... But just what day could it be... Haha, I know, I know! It's your birthday! It really is a great day.
Ugh, I declare this dish dead, rest in peace.
Versemonger of the darkest alleys — that's me!
Vision... Vision...? Oh, this thing? Yeah, whatever...
Wanna come over for tea?
We are entrusted by the people to loyally see out their wishes. Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is special, in that it carries a dual responsibility, to those both of this realm, and the next.
Well are those who rise in the early morn, while those late to bed I shall forewarn~
What would I know of the adepti? Ai-yai-yai, that kind of stuff is top-secret! Don't come asking me about it!
When It Rains
When It Snows
When It's Windy
When Thunder Strikes
When the Wind Is Blowing
When the sun's out, bathe in sunlight. But when the moon's out, bathe in moonlight~
With the wind~
Xiangling's a riot! Only a little "boo" and she jumps, she's so easy to scare! Being in the industry that I am, I just love these kinds of people the most. Gotta keep it in check though, in case Guoba ends up toasting me instead.
Yeah, this is good, thanks!
Yo! Afternoon! Had lunch?
Yoh, now just why might you be looking for me, hm? Oh, you didn't know? I'm the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, Hu Tao. Though by the looks of you... Radiant glow, healthy posture... Yes, you're definitely here for something other than that which falls within my regular line of work, aren't you?
Yoh, now why might you be looking for me, hm? Oh, you didn't know? I'm the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, Hu Tao. Though by the looks of you... Radiant glow, healthy posture... Yes, you're definitely here for something other than that which falls within my regular line of work, aren't you?
You've been all over, so you must've seen a lot. When you've got the time, tell me your story, yea?
Yun Jin always appears so graceful on formal occassions, but you'd be surprised how friendly she is in private! I made a bet with her once, and the loser had to sing lyrics of the winner's choice in their own singing style. My my, I wish you could have heard her operatic version of the Hilitune!
Zhongli looks young, but his personality is a bit dusty. Knows everything, but doesn't fret over anything. Hmm... Couldn't be that he's a...Hehe, forget it, whatever.
♪La~la~la~ Steamed fish with a side of prawn dumplings~
♪Silly-churl, billy-churl, silly-billy hilichurl. Frilly-churl, willy-churl, frilly-willy hilichurl♪ Ah, hehe...
♪Silly-churl, billy-churl, silly-billy hilichurl... Woooh~