*pant* Haha.
About Albedo
About Amber
About Collei
About Diluc
About Diona
About Fischl
About Jean
About Kaeya
About Klee
About Lisa
About Mika
About Noelle
About Rosaria
About Sucrose
About Us: Employment Relationship
About Us: Strength
About Varka
About the Vision
Ahaha, you want to know about the secrets of Sister Rosaria? That... I cannot tell you. Though my impression of her is not bad — certainly better than a certain someone whose name I won't bother to mention. She's honest with herself. She casts off that which she has no time for and she doesn't feign motivation for affairs that do not interest her.
Albedo, eh? Calm, collected, and incredibly talented. He's the type everybody likes, some even more so than others. What, you into him as well?
Ally at Low HP
Birthday
Catch the wind.
Character Idles
Chat: Knights of Favonius
Chat: Laziness
Chat: Nothing to Do
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Come on, let's get moving. We're not frozen in place, after all.
Cool it!
Cryo is always far more effective in the rain. This is going to get interesting...
Deploying Wind Glider
Diluc? He was cute as a young lad. But nowadays he just seems to be in a world of his own... Overall, not much fun to hang out with.
Do you drink wine? Dandelion wine has a unique body to it. Oh, you're underage? You should try Mondstadt's apple cider vinegar. I know just the place.
Dodge this!
Don't get frostbite.
Don't push your luck!
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Fallen
Fascinating.
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Freeze!
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Haha, quite the find.
Have you ever seen the owl of Dragonspine? If you look directly at it, it seems to see right through you, while letting go of none of its own secrets... Quite fascinating, don't you think?
Have you tried one of Diona's drinks? Oh right, you're still underage. Haha, such a shame, it truly is — to not be able to revel with you in such bliss. Hehe, I guess all we can do is wait for you to be old enough.
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hehe, seems all the other knights already have their hands full.
Hello
Hey, don't die on me. That's no fun.
Hey, fancy joining me at the tavern for a bit?
Hmm, seems I'm getting stronger. I say, how is it you seem happier than me about it?
Hmm. Not bad.
Hmm? You think Fischl having one eye covered is very fitting given her title of Prinzessin der Verurteilung. Hahaha, if that's the case, that must also make me a descendant of some kind of former royal lineage, no?
Ho! This is quite exceptional... You are full of surprises.
How about a ghost story to go with the snow?
How fortunate!
I can't believe that some people actually drink grape juice... If they had a little more patience, they would find that it ferments into the most exquisite wine. Hmph. So unromantic.
I didn't know you were such a slacker.
I didn't realize we'd known each other for so long now. Time flies! You know, following you on your journey might just be the most fun I've had in my whole life. I hope it stays that way.
I was entrusted by the Acting Grand Master to work in the background to support Noelle. But there hasn't been much for me to concern myself with — she has a good head on her shoulders. Quite the relief.
I'll help out, but you owe me.
I'm getting tired of this game.
I'm just a slow eater... I'll finish it, don't worry.
I'm not done...
If you ever need me, let me know. Let's not make this a transaction relationship.
Interesting Things
Is the Abyss Order causing you trouble? If there's anything bothering you, you know you can talk to me.
Joining Party
Jumping
Kaeya's Hobbies
Kaeya's Troubles
Kaeya, Knight of Favonius. Please, allow me to join you on your journey. Guarding you on your journey sounds far more entertaining than any of the usual Favonius stuff.
Khaenri'ah, huh? You sure know a lot! The legacy of Khaenri'ah is long gone. The sinners are all that's left, and they're not worth mentioning.
Klee. Seems she has failed to elude the Acting Grand Master's investigative skills, despite the pointers I gave her... Haha, I'm kidding, no need to go reporting me or anything.
Least Favorite Food
Leaving already? See you next time, then. Don't make me wait too long, though.
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Lonely? Me? Not with someone here nagging me all the time, that's for sure.
Low HP
Mid Attack
More About Kaeya: I
More About Kaeya: II
More About Kaeya: III
More About Kaeya: IV
More About Kaeya: V
My eye? My eye is fine. There's nothing unusual about hiding one's body parts from view. It's the same reason I wear pants... or any other item of clothing, for that matter.
Now that you mention him, it is a shame there is no one in the Knights of Favonius to inherit the Grand Master's approach to his work. *sigh* I must say I really do appreciate people like him.
Oh Lisa. Hmm... You'd better not forget to return your books on time. I made that mistake once and boy was she angry. My arm is still numb from last time...
Oh, Collei? Oho, now there's a name I haven't heard in a while... You came to the right person! Let me tell you her whole story, starting right from the very beginning, with all the delicious details!
Oh, I'm looking forward to this.
Oh, so sorry!
Oh? Well, if you're concerned about keeping things professional, maybe you can find more use for me on the front lines. How 'bout it, boss? Haha, just don't feel intimidated by what I can do.
Opening Treasure Chest
Ready when you are.
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Seize the day.
Something to Share
Sparkling wine is a specialty of Mondstadt. Mix it with three parts Dandelion Wine and the bitterness disappears completely. This concoction is known as "Death After Noon." Delectable.
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Still struggling with how Visions work? Let's see... How can I explain it... The apparatus that allows us to see is our eyes. A Vision is the apparatus by which we control the elements. Simple, is it not?
Sucrose may not be much of an extrovert in public, but as they say — it's always the quiet ones... Apparently, her laboratory is home to quite the eclectic range of implements and her experiments are more than just intellectually stimulating... All hearsay, of course. You don't seriously think I would go snooping around a fair lady's private quarters, do you?
That Outrider is a clever and righteous knight. Be careful not to step out of line in front of her.
That was unexpected...
The title of Cavalry Captain is nothing to get excited about. Now that I think about it, the Grand Master took all the cavalry from Mondstadt so there's none left for me to captain...
There are a total of ten captains within the Knights of Favonius. But truth be told, not all of them have what it takes to be leaders.
This doesn't look good...
This moment will be frozen in time.
This will be interesting.
Time to fight back, I s'pose.
Today is a day worth celebrating, I hope this day can bring you true happiness.
Urgh!
We were just traveling partners. I never thought I'd have you to thank for getting me to this point. Seems I really should respond in kind. Let us carry on, partner. The road ahead is still long.
What a pleasant breeze. I wonder how long it'll last?
What's the hurry?
What's wrong? Can't handle the cold?
What? The Acting Grand Master? You need to give her your full support.
When I first met Mika, he seemed like the nervous type, so I decided to joke around with him a little. I didn't count on that making him even more nervous... His smile looked as if it were plastered onto his face, and in the end, he even wrote me a letter of apology. Tsk-tsk. Does taking everything so seriously run in the Schmidts' blood?
When It Rains
When It Snows: Anecdote
When It Snows: Cold
When It's Windy
Wine tasting is an art form. Mondstadt's wine is a gift from the Anemo Archon. It's only right that one should learn how to appreciate it.
You always seem to be around to give me a hand. Thanks.
You should serve this with wine, it would really add the finishing touch.
You're getting on my nerves...
You're not scared of the dark, are you? That's... interesting.