About Arataki Itto
About Kujou Sara
About Kuki Shinobu: Backup Plan
About Kuki Shinobu: Gang's Deputy Leader
About Shikanoin Heizou
About Us: Cleaning Up the Mess
About Us: Notes
About Yae Miko
About Yanfei
About the Raiden Shogun
About the Vision
After the Sakoku Decree was lifted, the Raiden Shogun issued many decrees aimed at supporting the development of various industries. All those certificates I received during the Sakoku Decree are coming in real handy now, and the gang is finally out of the red... Fate really does have its ways. Who would've thought after all that, I'd still have her to thank?
Again.
Ally at Low HP
Alright, it's my turn...
Alright, this'll do.
Back then I had an argument with my family and I only wanted to run away as far as I could. So, I went to study law in Liyue, but thanks to this experience, I got to meet Yanfei. She's like a walking law encyclopedia. Huh? Me? I have a certificate but there are a lot of restrictions for practicing law... It's not really the right field for me.
Back then, I wanted to avoid getting dragged back to the shrine at all cost, so I had to find a way to stand on my own two feet. So far, I think I'm doing alright.
Be careful. No one wants to get struck by lightning.
Being in the gang means having lots of free time. I often finish reading a whole book or even pass a certificate exam before I even realize it. Kinda nice, wouldn't you agree? When my family asks about me, at least I can tell them I don't waste my time, and when I go job hunting, I have lots of qualifications to rely on. In this ultra-competitive society, a misfit like myself with all these certificates will never go hungry.
Birthday
Certificates are useful for judging professional skills but they fail to measure the amount of effort or emotional investment involved. Our friendship has gone beyond something that can be expressed with a simple "thank you." Let me express my feelings by always giving the very best of my abilities.
Character Idles
Chat: Certificates
Chat: In a Pinch
Chat: The Arataki Gang
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Come find me if you ever suddenly want to become certified in anything. I'll lend you all my notes for the exam. Believe me, my notes are detailed enough to help anybody pass.
Deploying Wind Glider
Did you make this? Hmm... you're more than qualified to be a chef.
Dissipate!
Don't tell me they did it again...
Earning an advanced certificate is not easy, it requires both talent and actual combat experience.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Even after eating something really filling like ramen or gyoza, I still always want to finish my meal with a small bowl of rice. Rice is just delicious, that's all. Is there a problem with that?
Every little bit counts.
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Go ahead and take a rest if you need. Don't worry about me.
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Happy birthday! Here, take this special dart made from Naku Weed. Be careful, yep, that's the way to hold it... Make sure you predict the trajectory before you throw it... Hehe, I'm happy that you like it. Oh, don't treat it like a toy, it's still quite dangerous. If you want to practice a little more, I can teach you.
He's different from the other Doushin of the Tenryou Commission. I have yet to see him on patrol or apprehend anyone, and he occasionally comes to me to buy intelligence. In exchange, I asked him to put in a good word for me whenever I'm bailing people out of the Police Station. He gladly agreed. I'd say that's a pretty good deal... After all, getting the boys to keep their eyes and ears open on the streets is easy enough.
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Hey, what would you like to eat? I've been saving up lately, so lunch is on me.
Hmm... what a pleasant breeze.
Hmm? What would happen if the gang ever disbanded? First of all, that would never happen. Secondly, even if that did happen, I've got nothing to worry about. I've always got a way to make ends meet.
Hmm? You think I've got good social skills? Well, you could say I've seen a lot of the world by now. I've learned how to read people based on their expressions and body language. Besides, nine times out of ten, it's the gang getting in trouble. I don't mind putting on a face to get us out of a sticky predicament, but I still prefer not to smile.
Honestly, did you use the wrong seasonings?
I came up with the Gang Bylaws so everyone would have a set of guidelines to follow. Huh? Why are they willing to follow my rules? Because both my words and my fists are very persuasive.
I come from a family of shrine maidens but I'm not cut out for that kind of work at all. When I ran away from home, I immediately thought I should learn as much as possible to support myself. I studied everything from cooking, tailoring, and fighting, to legal consulting, publishing, and editing... It wasn't until I really settled into society that I realized I've learned everything I need.
I have an intermediate certificate, which means that I'm qualified to handle most problems. Is there anything I can help you with?
I wear a mask because I don't want to be recognized by anybody, especially when I'm working with the Arataki Gang. If someone I know manages to recognize me, they're sure to make a big fuss about it... It gives me a headache just thinking about it. I won't ever let it happen again! Ahem, never mind...
I'll clean this up.
I'll settle this!
I'm qualified to handle this.
I've worked many different jobs and I'm certified in a variety of fields. In terms of management, I've led a small team and have been responsible for delegating tasks and allocating resources according to... Uh, sorry, don't mind me... Sometimes I still slip into interview mode.
If the Arataki Gang stirs up any trouble, I'll drag every last one of them back to apologize.
If you haven't mastered the basics, then there's no point in even trying to discuss it. That's the purpose of a basic-level certificate, to show you actually know something.
Interesting Things
It's a nice day, but I can't seem to shake this strange feeling... Huh, let's just hope it's my imagination.
It's all yours.
It's my own decision to stay in the Arataki Gang. It can be pretty annoying having to clean up their mess all the time, but in return, they treat me with a sincerity that is irreplaceable... They always save the best things for me and never leave me feeling down. When I announced my decision to stay in the gang, they all cheered for me. I know outsiders don't think very highly of the Arataki Gang, and the members themselves don't really care what others think. But, I still want to strive to change the impression we leave. I might complain about them from time to time as my family, but I'll never let anyone badmouth them.
Joining Party
Jumping
Just let me know if you ever find yourself in a pinch. I can help you out.
Just like a certificate, this Vision is solid proof of my capabilities. The only difference is that I'm still not certain about a Vision's assessment criteria.
Just you wait!
Kuki Shinobu's Hobbies
Kuki Shinobu's Troubles
Least Favorite Food
Let's just finish the job and leave. There's no need to waste time.
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Lightning... purifies!
Looking for a fight?
Low HP
Madam Kujou? Yes, she's a friend of mine. Hmm? You're surprised that I know her? Oh, you must've misunderstood, I knew her from before I joined the Arataki Gang. Heh, in fact, it's hard to tell who's the winner whenever we spar.
Mid Attack
More About Kuki Shinobu: I
More About Kuki Shinobu: II
More About Kuki Shinobu: III
More About Kuki Shinobu: IV
More About Kuki Shinobu: V
Morning. Going out to train? Huh, I didn't know you were so diligent.
My primary responsibilities are to bring in business and maintain a stable team... uh, as well as bailing out the gang from the Police Station, returning snacks and toys to kids, and catching anyone secretly slacking off during a job... I guess you could say all this extra work comes with being part of the Arataki Gang. I suppose that leaders of other groups wouldn't have to put up with that kind of stuff. But then again, no one else could do the job like me.
Now I'm mad...
Oh... Hey there! I'm Kuki Shinobu, deputy leader of the Arataki Gang. We offer a wide range of services, including but not limited to transport and logistics, security, home repair, and musical performances. Please feel free to contact me if you need anything. Here's my card.
Opening Treasure Chest
Our bond is strong!
Out of my way.
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Some commissions are better done by night. I can't trust the gang with such tasks though, so I usually do them myself.
Something to Share: Face Mask
Something to Share: Gang Bylaws
Sorry... for the trouble...
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Stand with me.
Stop right there.
Take care of... the gang...
The boss has a lot of unpleasant memories from his past, but he still manages to stay positive. I'd say that kind of resilience is pretty rare. He treats us well and his character has a good effect on everyone in the gang. Of course, it's never an excuse for him to run amok with no consideration for others. Just let me know if he ever causes you any trouble and I'll be sure to make him regret ever being rude to you.
The criteria for certificate exams are straightforward enough, what it really comes down to is whether you are willing to put in the time. If you study and practice, then it's really not all that difficult.
There is a saying circulating among the shrines claiming that if you weave Naku Weed into a ring and wrap it around your body, it can dispel disaster and bring good fortune. So, do you believe that? I, however, personally find the plant's paralyzing effect a little more practical.
There's a saying I heard in Liyue: "There is no bad food, only bad cooks." After getting my license as a chef, I became even more convinced that this is absolutely true.
This is truly exceptional. Ehem... I'll just have another bite.
Wait for my signal.
We don't need an umbrella, just pick up the pace.
What a humiliation...
What'd they do this time?
When I first joined the Arataki Gang, the boss told me to teach the others how to fight. So the first thing I did was beat them up, one by one. I was a little surprised that even in their bruised and swollen state they still respectfully called me Shinobu and asked me to lead them. Hmph, at that moment, I knew they really were a big bunch of idiots... But that's fine, even a group like this won't slow me down, I'll just take care of everything myself.
When It Rains
When It Snows
When Thunder Strikes
When the Sun Is Out
When the Wind Is Blowing
Whether you are in the Arataki Gang or not, I'll never treat you as an outsider. Just go ahead and leave the logistics and planning to me. Trust me, I'm an expert. I can handle anything, no matter how complicated it might seem. Huh? You're concerned about my safety? Hehe, don't worry, all these years of experience aren't just for show.
You can't imagine how boring it is to be a shrine maiden. Even Lady Guuji from the Grand Narukami Shrine has her publishing gig to break up the monotony. I will never go back to being a shrine maiden. Never.