(Hold) ...Blitz!
(Hold) Hehe~
(Hold) You've been a naughty boy!
*chuckles* If I were to recover my full power, who knows what kind of things just might happen?
*giggles*
*sigh* Perfect weather for sipping a cup of tea while gazing out the window.
*yawns* Good morning, Jean... Oh it's you! Sorry, dear.
A Vision may seem like a great tool, but one day, the power one accumulates always finds a way to turn back on you. Should such a day come for me, so long as you're around... Ah, never mind.
About Albedo
About Amber
About Barbara
About Collei
About Cyno
About Diluc
About Fischl
About Jean
About Klee
About Lisa
About Mika
About Mona
About Noelle
About Razor
About Sucrose
About Us: Capabilities
About Us: Ceremony
About Us: Relationships
About the Vision
Ah, dear little Collei. Every time she writes to me, she tries out new words and expressions she's learned recently... Hehe, no wonder she's improving so quickly. That wonderful and warmhearted master of hers must have helped a lot too.
Albedo is quite the alchemist. Just say the word and he'll come up with a good solution. He's easy on the eyes too, just like you.
Ally at Low HP
Amber was just a young girl when she joined the knights, and in the blink of an eye, she's turned into such a strong young lady. I'm curious to see what she'll be like a few years from now.
Birthday
Calla Lilies are a medicinal flower with antidotal properties. With them in hand, there's no need to worry about the side effects of any potions... Hehe.
Chances to practice should be left to you newcomers, no?
Character Idles
Chat: Afternoon Tea
Chat: Better to Stay In
Chat: Quest
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Come a little closer.
Come on Razor, that's it, good boy! Let's do some combat practice — I've found you the perfect partner. Hey! Come back!
Deploying Wind Glider
Do you need me to lend a hand?
Don't be such a brute.
Don't force it, darling.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Every time I ask Noelle to dust off the bookshelves, I'm always left with the sense that the more exhausted I make her, the happier she becomes. Yes, who knows what's going on with her... *chuckles*
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feel free to use the alchemist's upstairs from the library whenever you want. But make sure you knock first, we wouldn't want you seeing anything you're not supposed to, now would we?
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Fischl, yes, she's always in the library looking to borrow fantasy novels. She always returns her books three days early and looks after them very well. She's a good kid.
Going out is tiring...
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Have you heard Barbara sing before? Her angelic voice contains a magical healing energy. A different kind of magical energy from the one in my potions, of course. I wonder which one you prefer?
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hehe, you've really got a knack for this, haven't you?
Hello
Here, let me help you.
Here, take this amulet, it will bring you good luck. It's my birthday gift to you. I spent a long time making it, so don't lose it now!
Hey darling, would you like to try one of my magic potions? There's no knowing what it will do to you until you try it, though... Don't say I didn't warn you!
Hi darling, are you going to be Lisa's little helper? What? Me, a grand mage? That was a long time ago, I'm just a humble librarian now. *chuckles* Don't worry darling, I'll take very good care of you. So...
I can be your teacher, your master, or your friend... or all three if you want...
I can see how hard you've been working today. Let me think of a way to reward you...
I do rather envy Huffman for having such a caring little brother. Mika takes care of everything around the house and even looks after him when he's drunk... Ah, how nice it must be to lounge around all day without a care in the world... Hmm? What do you mean, I already do that? You're getting quite bold these days, aren't you, cutie?
I have some for you too.
I knew I should have stayed home...
I like making my own vegetable soup. I put a big bunch of vegetables into a cauldron and stir it with a long spoon. What does it taste like? Here, why don't you try it for yourself. Open wide!
I suffer from extreme pumpkinphobia. The fall harvest is a difficult time of year for me, as you can imagine. I wonder if it would be worth the trouble to make all the pumpkins in the world disappear...
I'll keep an eye on you.
I'm a bit rusty...
I'm not lazy, I just know to save my energy for when I need it most.
I've already tried to persuade you every way possible... *sigh* Have it your way, cutie. I can no longer go on pretending at this point - Even a Hilichurl would see through the act. So be it, let me introduce you to the true Witch of Purple Rose.
I've barely kept in touch with anyone from the Akademiya since leaving Sumeru, except for the occasional letters to my teachers out of basic courtesy. Fortunately, not every promising student turned out as lazy as I am... I heard that one of my juniors, Cyno, now leads quite the action-packed life.
Interesting Things
It must almost be time for a nap...
It's nearly time for afternoon tea.
Jean is a gifted and dedicated leader. Seeing how hard she works makes even me want to help her out.
Joining Party
Jumping
Last time little Klee wanted to use my workshop for her experiments, I had to say no, and she was angry at me for the rest of the day. *sigh* What happened the next day, you ask? She went off happily to play outside of course.
Least Favorite Food
Let me show you a thing or two, lest we let your efforts go to waste. *chuckles*
Let's spark things up a little.
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Lisa's Hobbies
Lisa's Troubles
Looks like I got carried away...
Low HP
Mid Attack
Mona? She seems to be an excellent mage, but I'm not a part of their Hexenzirkel. The idea of Irminsul exploration and formal tea parties just leaves me cold.
More About Lisa: I
More About Lisa: II
More About Lisa: III
More About Lisa: IV
More About Lisa: V
My past? So, you want to get to know me a little better, huh? *chuckles* That's a story for another day. But I'm touched that you asked.
No pain no gain, haha...
Oh aren't you just the sweetest? Thanks, cutie, you just made my day.
Oh my...
Oh my... This is really... hmm...
Oh no, I'm gonna ruin my gloves.
Ooh, you're taking me out?
Opening Treasure Chest
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
So, which element would you like to learn about today?
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Such a calming breeze... Perfect for taking a nap, don't you think?
Surely you don't want me working overtime... That would be no good.
Surrender and I'll be gentle.
The interrogation room upstairs has sat there unused for two years now... It would be a much more lively place if Hertha would agree to let me use it as my private workshop... *sigh* She's such a spoilsport.
Today's no good for going out... Hmm... Did I say that yesterday as well?
Try not to bother Sucrose if you're at a loose end, you'll only startle the poor girl. She's gifted at interacting with all sorts of exotic creatures — just hopeless when it comes to humans.
Try not to enjoy this too much.
Ugh...
Visions? Ah, they're a necessary device in controlling the elements — with you being the sole exception, of course. Hmm... As for why that is, perhaps... we can find the time to experiment a little?
Wait, one last thing... A kiss on the forehead from master to follower. Now you're my star pupil.
What do you think, cutie?
What's that? You want to learn some Sumeru Akademiya magic? I'm afraid it might too much for you to handle right now... Hmm, though I suppose it can't hurt to teach you some of the basics. Here, start by reading the beginner's guide, it's only 800 pages or so.
When I practice my spells in weather like this, I can do half the work for double the impact. Haha, I'm just teasing.
When I taught Razor how to utilize Elemental Energy, I never expected him to master the technique so quickly. Come to think of it, you're talented too. Maybe I could teach you a few tricks...
When It Rains
When It's Windy
When Thunder Strikes
Why not keep me company for a while... There'll be plenty of time for work later.
You want to know about Diluc? Haha, in that case, I know someone else you should talk to.
You're in for a little shock.
You're still up? I'm getting sleepy...