"My life is dance," or "dance is my life"... Which phrase is the better way to describe it? Agh, I'm no good at logical things like this. Anyway, I'll just keep on dancing. I want to use my performances to show the beauty of art to more people.
...Oh, you're calling for me? Coming!
Aaagh! Sorry, I'm trying to decide what to eat, and I got lost in thought. Hee-hee, do you need help with anything?
About Collei
About Cyno
About Dehya
About Dori
About Kaveh
About Lesser Lord Kusanali
About Nilou:  Body Language
About Nilou: Dance and Wisdom
About Tighnari
About Us: Dealing with Anger
About Us: Going on Adventures
About the Vision
Ah, I gotta keep my balance...
Ah, don't worry about me...
All eyes on me!
Ally at Low HP
Anything I can help you with?
Are you all right? Watch out for sandstorms.
Are you sulking? That's no good — c'mon, follow my lead. First, use your right hand to draw a biiig circle in front of you. Then, use both hands to take all those negative feelings off your chest and into the circle. Next, push it away as hard as you can! So? Feeling better now?
Beauty... Don't leave me...
Birthday
Character Idles
Chat: Practice
Chat: Rest
Chat: Sleepiness
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Crystalflies come in all sorts of colors. They're so pretty that you can't not be curious. When you quietly reach out to one, it instantly steps into an elegant and nimble dance, and flies away from you. Hehe, if I could fly, I'd take dance lessons from them.
Dance with the waves!
Deep breaths...
Deploying Wind Glider
Don't worry, I'm here.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
First get into position like this, then move like that... Yep, that's it.
For you~
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Good evening! I have a performance at Zubayr Theater tonight. Want some tickets?
Good morning! Huh, why are you staring at me? ...M—My hair's sticking up? Ahh, don't look! I'll go fix it right now.
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Hello, I'm Nilou from Zubayr Theater. We have one dance scheduled for today, and it's about to start — keep your eyes peeled!
Here!
How troublesome...
Huh? What's this feeling...?
Huh? Wow, it's snowing. You can really hear the snow falling. Add in the swirling snowflakes, and it feels like the spirit of nature is dancing.
I don't really like interacting with people from the Akademiya because they don't view the arts too kindly. I often wonder what they do when they're bored... Huh, Cyno plays Genius Invokation TCG? I can't believe it...
I feel like I'm lying down on the back of a massive Anemo Slime. Ahh, it's so light and comfy~
I have a hard time eating mushrooms, mostly because I'm scared... Not the type of scared that makes you want to run away, though! When I was little, I once ate a poisonous mushroom and was bedridden for days... If you want to eat any of Sumeru's mushroom dishes, please make sure to check that the ingredients are all edible!
I hear he's a really talented botanist. He must be good at telling apart mushrooms. At least, he would never have to worry about eating a poisonous one... I'm so jealous.
I heard he was the one who built the magnificent Palace of Alcazarzaray. He must have had a wonderful time making such a masterpiece, like when I'm in the middle of dance practice. Just thinking about dancing for everyone gives me so much happiness and motivation.
I really like being with you. I don't know why, but it feels like a butterfly is trying to burst out of my chest... Anyway, how about I show a new dance to you?
I received my Vision when I debuted on stage. If even the goddess was willing to watch my performance, then that must mean she had acknowledged the beauty of human-made art.
I still can't tell poisonous mushrooms apart from non-poisonous ones... Apparently, color doesn't mean much — poisonous mushrooms can be bright or dull. Mmm, I feel like I understand, but I also don't...
I'll stand in for you!
I'm done warming up. I can do even better now!
I've never left Sumeru City, but... I want to go on adventures with you. Going to new places will be fine as long as I can adjust... Umm, quick question: Inazuma's beaches won't have huge sandworms that'll suddenly jump out at us, right?
Interesting Things: Dance of the Crystalflies
Interesting Things: Padisarahs
It's hard to believe that so many things have happened recently... I wanted to pick out a good present for Dehya and Dunyarzad, but I just can't make up my mind. Everyone at the Grand Bazaar has given me many suggestions, but if I took them all, it'd be too much... What should I do...
It's normal for hard work to produce no results. For example, no matter how hard I try, I can never understand the Rtawahists' teachings. When you're stuck, shake up your mind, flip your brain around, and change the direction you're going in.
It's time for the curtain... to fall...
Joining Party
Jumping
Least Favorite Food
Let me help you pack this up.
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Low HP
Mid Attack
More About Nilou: I
More About Nilou: II
More About Nilou: III
More About Nilou: IV
More About Nilou: V
My teacher taught me everything there is to know about dance, but she said that the most important thing is putting feeling into your movements. Only then can you move your audience and convey emotion. To express beauty, I must first become the embodiment of beauty.
Nilou's Hobbies
Nilou's Troubles
Opening Treasure Chest
Positions!
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Relaxing days like this are nice... Let's take it easy.
Remember, let out all your frustrations before bedtime for a better night's rest. If you want, I'm more than happy to be your audience.
She sometimes comes to watch my performances. She's a really hard-working Trainee Forest Ranger. One time, she warned me about getting lost. What did she mean by that? It's not like I've gotten lost before...
Someone once told me that I was like a shining oasis that restored life and happiness to others with its warmth. That was nice of them to say, and I was happy to hear it, but... what I want to show people is much more than that. After spending so much time with you, though, I finally understand how it feels to have someone care for and look after you. Now... Now, I feel like that comparison is a far better one for you.
Something to Share
Sometimes, I receive letters from showgoers who say that my dancing has cheered them up. I always share this kind of happy news with everyone at Zubayr Theater. Even though I'm the one the audience sees on the stage, it's because of everyone's collective efforts that I can stand up there in the first place.
Sometimes, you can convey more with dance than words. If you don't know what to say, then just dance.
Sorry, my appetite's been a bit off lately. Please don't take offense.
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Sunny days are so warm and cozy... *yawn* They make me sleepy...
Sweets always make you feel better! Most people in Sumeru love them. Wanna try some? I'll get some for you!
Take a deep breath, as if you're about to blow up a huge balloon. Exhale all your sleepiness into it, and then, poof — it's now flying away!
Thank you. You must have put a lot of love and effort into this dish, just like I put so much of me into my dance practice.
That... hurt a little.
The Grand Bazaar occasionally hosts other kinds of performances, such as juggling showcases. I've tried juggling before, but I always end up catching the balls with my head... Mr. Zubayr and everyone else just laughed at me. They probably thought I had really good hand-eye coordination. Hee-hee, I've been exposed.
The big-spending merchant Dori has watched me dance before. I remember that she talked with Mr. Zubayr once, and then never came back. Did something happen? ...Huh? She wanted me to go on tour around Teyvat? No way, Mr. Zubayr definitely would've refused for me! ...Ahh, please tell me he has...
The people of the Great Bazaar love Lesser Lord Kusanali. I'd love to hear her thoughts on my Dance of Sabzeruz... Oh, no, no, forget it... If she were in the audience, I'd get stage fright...
The show... can't go on...
The weather and our moods are the same — they can both get gloomy. It's all right, though, because the sky will become even brighter after the rain.
This dance is for you.
This must be what it feels like to have flavors dancing on your tongue... How wonderful!
Thunder is kinda scary. Are you afraid of it? If so, I can share a nifty method to help with that.
Uhh... Mmm... Should I eat some baked goods, or should I get something with rice? Or maybe... I can have some hummus instead?
Umm... Happy birthday! I learned a new dance, and I want to show it to you. Uh, am I nervous? *sigh* You saw right through me. It's because... I wanted to incorporate my feelings into the moves, but then the choreography just got more and more difficult... Anyway, I just wish that your life will always be full of wonder and happiness.
When It Rains
When It Snows
When Thunder Strikes
When the Goddess of Flowers danced, real Padisarahs would bloom underneath her feet. That sounds like such a beautiful scene. I'd love to see it.
When the Sun Is Out
When the Wind Is Blowing
Where are we dancing today?
With all my strength!
Wow, what a lovely surprise!
You need an extreme amount of talent to pursue knowledge and wisdom. Many people throw their entire lives into it, only to end up burned out and depressed... Dance isn't like that. You don't have to understand what you're seeing to enjoy watching it. If I can use my movements to demonstrate the beauty and meaning of dance, then I'm happy.