*yawn* Good morning... I've missed morning mass, haven't I? Ugh, it starts too early anyway.
...Hm, there are a few interesting trinkets here.
...What a nuisance.
A Vision... Could be proof of strength, or a medal for having survived... who knows? There're two sides to every coin. I won't limit my Vision with ceremonies and definitions. It witnesses me, and I witness it, that's all.
About Albedo
About Barbara
About Diluc
About Her Father
About Jean
About Kaeya
About Klee
About Lisa
About Rosaria: Sister
About Rosaria: Troubles
About Us: Battle
About Us: Beliefs
About Us: Prayer
About Varka
About Venti
About the Vision
Ally at Low HP
Although I deplore those who play truant on a job, I respect her punctuality when it comes to closing up for the day.
At least I'll be able to eat my fill with this.
At least... no more... work.
Barbara is like a thorn in my side, always nagging me about mass and choir practice. I wouldn't be surprised if Sister Victoria specifically asked her to keep an eye on me.
Birthday
Blessings from the Anemo Archon Barsibato? Wait... no, it's Bartobas...?
Character Idles
Chat: Boredom
Chat: Life in Mondstadt
Chat: Overtime
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Deploying Wind Glider
Do you really like this food?
Don't overdo it. Let me take care of the dirty work.
Don't try to be a hero!
Don't we have a job to do?
Each of the Sisters is worse than the next. If it's not about prayer, then it's about choir or some other thing I'm supposed to participate in... I'm trying to stay out of sight, so don't you dare tell them you saw me here.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Everything is negotiable, except overtime.
Fallen
Father? I'm not familiar with the word. You could say that I don't have one — could also say I have many, too. What's it to you?
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Go ahead, take a break. I'll handle things here.
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Good evening. Don't expect to see me at prayer tonight... And don't ask why.
Good. Getting stronger means finishing jobs quicker.
Have you ever tried Beef Bourguignon? Big chunks of meat with the smooth taste of alcohol... Mmm, it's delectable.
He's like an oil painting you find hanging on the wall in some ancient hall, profound and mysterious... hard to see through. But what can I say, I find people with stories... interesting.
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Hmm, just what I needed.
Hmph. Things are getting interesting...
Hyah!
I hear you've got a job for me.
I see how it is.
I sometimes feel that my former selves from years past still exist alongside me, urging me on. I'm sure you know the feeling, too. Even if you decide to venture down a new path, don't just abandon the former you. For that is the foundation upon which you now take footing. Do not fear your past, and do not be scared to come to grips with it.
I suppose it wasn't too much trouble.
I take no interest in plant life and the sort, but the dandelion is an exception. How such a simple flower could turn into such a delectable wine is beyond me. A glass of dandelion wine after work is even better than sleeping in on Sunday.
I'd say I sleep even better in the afternoon sun. You should try it sometime.
I'm no stranger to spilling blood, but never have I possessed such power before. For such blessings, I give you thanks.
I'm sure Varka means well, but his long-winded conversations get real old real quick. Although, he does really care for those around him, doesn't he?
Interesting Things
Is this... my final job?
Isn't it obvious? There's more than meets the eye to that rich tycoon. He's confident, yet discreet... and even a little bit dangerous.
It seems that our tastes are aligned when it comes to food.
Joining Party
Judgment!
Jumping
Least Favorite Food
Let me handle this!
Let's forgo the formalities. I'm here to finish a job. Just leave the dirty work to me.
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Lights out...
Listen disciple, if you've got a problem you can't handle, then I'm the one for the job. But if you're looking for prayer, you'd better find some other Sister
...Huh? You're not a disciple?
Looks like overtime today.
Low HP
Make sure to keep up.
Maybe this is just... fate's dark design.
Me? I'm just another ordinary person. Church, work... I just do what I have to do.
Mid Attack
Mondstadt is a beast of light, both old and young. Old in the sense that it constantly requires someone's protection, yet too young to ever survive on its own. That's why there's people like me. I care for Mondstadt just as the other Sisters care for the believers, we are all guiding that which we love onward on the path towards freedom. Huh? Why do I call it a beast of light? Because people like myself can only be found in the dark...
More About Rosaria: I
More About Rosaria: II
More About Rosaria: III
More About Rosaria: IV
More About Rosaria: V
Opening Treasure Chest
Perhaps a god has the power to protect everyone if they would choose to do so, but that would never happen. Otherwise, people's suffering couldn't ever be taken seriously.
Pray. Not for the gods, nor the betterment of others... but for yourself.
Punishment!
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Rosaria's Hobbies
Rosaria's Troubles
She's not only competent in her own work but also somehow manages to clear up various matters for others... Huh. Now that's a woman who deserves admiration.
Shiver!
So you know your stuff, huh?
Something to Share
Sooner we're done the better.
Sprint End
Sprint Start
That felt... pretty good.
There are some troubles that only a stiff drink can take away. That being said, I never get drunk.
There's something extremely interesting about this bard... I can't quite put my finger on it. There's something that makes him different from the others in Mondstadt.
This will slow things down.
This year's Dandelion Wine is sinfully good. Care for a glass?
Today's your birthday, so if you have any dirty work that needs taking care of, I can give you a hand... Just don't tell anybody, got it?
Trouble, and lots of it. Although, it is sort of a cute kind of trouble...
Ugh, definitely skipping next month's choir concert, but I bet Sister Victoria will be personally taking roll... What a nuisance.
Ugh, what a nuisance!
We should keep moving, but watch your step in the snow.
What's weird about a Sister without reverence for the gods? There are hunters who don't eat pork, and fisherman who don't eat fish, aren't there? Just because you do something doesn't mean you love to do it. That's how every job goes.
When It Rains
When It Snows
When Thunder Strikes
When the Wind Is Blowing
Wine has its uses... like revealing someone's true colors, for example. Smooth talk is Kaeya's veil, but being me, I can see right through it. Hah, you should see him when he's drunk.
Work hard and live each day to the fullest. That is what life in Mondstadt is all about, isn't it?
You can't run!
You don't always know why good things happen, or why we should be happy about them. Heh... But if you ever face a problem too big to handle, don't give up hope. You never know, someone may be there to help, even if you can't see them.
You have a job for me? I've got time.
You mean I'm supposed to dip this hash brown in jam? Ugh, this is sacrilege!