"A warrior's strength is like a dome. The bigger the dome, the more opponents he can challenge inside it." Hmm, who was it that said this again?
(Melee Stance) Brace yourself, this is gonna hurt!
(Melee Stance) Shouldn't let your guard down!
(Ranged Stance) Riptide!
(Ranged Stance) You can run, but you can't hide!
(to Melee Stance) Ha!
(to Melee Stance) Tidal wave!
(to Melee Stance) You're mine!
(to Ranged Stance) Bring it on!
(to Ranged Stance) Hah...
(to Ranged Stance) Who's next?
A warrior must always be ready to face any challenge with his blade. The outcome of the battle is irrelevant — what matters is that you learn from the experience.
About Damselette
About Marionette
About Regrator
About Skirk
About Tartaglia
About The Balladeer
About The Captain
About The Doctor
About The Fair Lady
About The Jester
About The Knave
About The Rooster
About Tsaritsa
About Us: Comrades
About Us: Invitation
About Us: Survival
About Us: Weapons
About Varka
About Zhongli: Challenge
About Zhongli: Pondering
About the Vision
After he took the Gnosis, we lost all contact with him. Now comes the task of trying to hunt it down and get it back... I actually don't mind it — it means I get to travel all over. Wonder if I'll run into you somewhere along the way?
After the Rain
Ah, I'm sure the Harbingers must know of my dealings with you by now. Oh, I'd love to see the look on their faces... Hahaha...
Ah, how time flies. One day, you will see how I conquer the world and crush the thrones of gods beneath my heel. In the meantime... no dying, comrade! Keep yourself alive, haha.
Ah, perfect weather for fishing! The sound of the rain scares them away, but once it stops, they're yours for the taking.
Ally at Low HP
Alright, now we're talkin'!
Amateur mistake.
Birthday
Bravo, comrade! Thanks to your help, I am one step closer to my goal of conquering the world. I doubt even the Tsaritsa herself ever expected I would make it this far.
C'mon, don't keep me waiting!
Character Idles
Chat: Idleness
Chat: Snezhnaya
Chat: Test of Skills
Chat: The Fatui
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Comrade, a word of advice: Don't go yelling stupid things in the heat of battle. They might sound good in your head, but if you think about it, they make no sense at all. I'm talking about things like, "I'm on fire!" That's the last thing we want. Fire leaves behind nothing but ashes. And you must survive at all costs.
Comrade, how would you like to join the Fatui? ...Actually, scrap that. With your capabilities, you and I could go head-to-head with the Harbingers and win. Wouldn't want to miss an opportunity like that.
Comrade, how would you like to join the Fatui? ...Actually, scrap that. With your capabilities, you and I could head-to-head with the Eleven and win. Wouldn't want to miss an opportunity like that.
Comrade. Make sure you keep training too. Otherwise, who will be left to fight me to the death when the world lies defeated at my feet?
Death looms. My time to shine!
Deploying Wind Glider
Drat!
Eating delicious food really has a way of taking all your cares away. Now, how should I repay you?
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Face me in person, man to man, and I'll always have a chance of beating you. Same goes if you're a deity or a monster from the abyss. But the Harbingers? They are more enamored with their intangible methods, spending their days scheming and maneuvering. This is why we cannot get along.
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Food is like weaponry. A true warrior never deliberates unduly over their choice of weapon, nor do they do so over the food they eat. Neither should you.
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Haha, ahh... could it be snowing in Snezhnaya too?
Happy birthday, comrade! Anyone you need knocked off their perch today? Let me know. I'll happily oblige...
He was the first ever Fatui Harbinger, and today he is our leader. He only appears on important occasions. As for his accomplishments... To be honest, I don't really care. I owe my loyalty and devotion to the Tsaritsa, no one else.
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Heh, this is getting interesting.
Hello
Her Royal Highness the Tsaritsa is actually a gentle soul. Too gentle, in fact, and that's why she had to harden herself. Likewise, she declared war against the whole world only because she dreams of peace. And because she made an enemy of the world, I had the chance to become acquainted with you.
Ho, I feel like I've gotten stronger! Now, who shall I use as my guinea pig...
How... I had only just...
However far away my motherland may be, we all live under the same sky. That snow-white moon... My family must be able to see it too. I hope my siblings... *sigh* I hope that they have turned out to be formidable warriors as well.
I am the least adept with a bow. And that is precisely why I must master it.
I could get used to this.
I don't know what his motivations could be, but he seems genuine about wanting to help me. He treats me just like family. Oh, and speaking of family — Tonia and Teucer are always telling me about the pastries and other gifts he brings them when they write. So while I've been away from Snezhnaya, he's kept his promise to take care of my family.
I heard that he took segments of himself at different ages, made prostheses out of them, and assigned different tasks to each one. I know... all my comrades are a little weird. Well, come to think of it, if I met another version of myself... Hah, we'd have to fight then and there to decide which one of us gets to survive.
I never got along with her, you know that. I guess there's not much more worth saying about her at this point. When you're a harbinger, you have to accept that death could come at any time... But don't worry about me. No matter what happens, I'll do whatever it takes to keep myself alive.
I once ventured deep into the abyss and came face to face with an enormous beast. I don't know its name, all I know is the sight of it chilled me to the bone. But mark my words, one day I will march back in there and behead that beast, and you, comrade, will be my witness!
I wonder what the rest of the Harbingers are up to? Plotting and scheming on an ever-grander scale, no doubt.
I'm No. 11 of the Fatui Harbingers, codename Childe, but I also go by Tartaglia. And you... Hmm, you too like to cause quite the stir, don't you? Something tells me we're going to get along splendidly.
I'm... quite impressed...
I've seen him in battle before, and oh what a sight it was. Perhaps I'm ranked too low for him to notice me right now. Well, he may not recognize my strengths yet, but one day, I'll show him what I'm made of.
Ice fishing and combat follow the same principle. Patience and decisiveness are key. Though having said that... I suppose the same is true of everything in life.
If it makes me stronger, I'll take it. Vision? Great. Delusion? Don't mind if I do. Heretical teachings from the Abyss? Sign me up.
Interesting Things
It's been years since I last saw my master. I should hope that next we meet, I'll at least be able to force her to use both hands to beat me...
Joining Party
Jumping
Just look at that wind blow!
Keep your eyes wide open!
Least Favorite Food
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Look, I've got nothing against people who have their own agendas — I myself joined the Fatui to get more experience in combat. But I don't like her at all. If she stood to benefit from betraying others, she'd turn against the Tsaritsa in a heartbeat. There isn't a sane bone in her body.
Low HP
Mid Attack
More About Tartaglia: I
More About Tartaglia: II
More About Tartaglia: III
More About Tartaglia: IV
More About Tartaglia: V
Morning, comrade! You're raring to go today, I see.
My pet peeves? Hmm, well, to be honest, I'm far too busy journeying with you and slaying powerful enemies to dwell on such trifling matters.
Need to end a few enemies?
No time to lose.
Not bad... Not bad at all!
Now I just need to get my hands on the rest!
Oh, now that guy has a head full of grandiose plans fueled by raw ambition. I don't understand a word he says once he starts talking about his theories... Eh, but as long as he keeps our cash reserves stocked up, I'm not complaining.
Opening Treasure Chest
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Remember, comrade, one day I will conquer the world!
She always seems engrossed in her research. Hmm... I wonder if those machines have anything to do with her? Anyway, I've only met her a few times, but every time she looked like she wanted to murder me. I have no idea what I possibly could have done to annoy her, though.
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Step aside, it's my turn!
Tartaglia's Hobbies
Tartaglia's Troubles
Tell me, how has Mr. Zhongli been lately? Not bad, you say? Seems he's had no problem acclimating to "mortal" life. Hmph, he sure had me fooled. Such a fiasco mustn't be so easily forgiven! The only way to reconciliation is fierce combat! What do you mean I'm no match for him? Hahaha...
The Fatui Harbingers are ranked by strength, and I have no idea why that girl is No. 3. I'd test my skills with every Harbinger who ranks above me if I had the chance, but when it comes to her... something just doesn't feel right. Anyway, you should be careful around her.
The skeletal-white snowscape devours life without leaving any trace. It is the invisible enemy we fight against each day.
The wind is picking up. There is conflict in the air.
The wind permeates all, cleansing both mind and body. Excellent.
The world looks glorious in the snow. Pure white, like the light of the moon. A perfect backdrop for bloodshed.
There's far more to that man than meets the eye. As for the extent of his power... lots to look forward to, I think.
There's plenty of delicious food to sink your teeth into in this world... and plenty of fights to sink your teeth into as well. Life is beautiful.
This place is pretty dead... By which I mean, there's nothing to kill.
Today was great. See you tomorrow, comrade!
Um, I'll admit the taste surprises me a little. Hmm? Okay... I'll try one more bite.
Varka? Just the thought of one day going head-to-head with him in combat, the fabled Knight of Boreas himself, titan of the Knights of Favonius... It makes me buzz with excitement. It's a beautiful life we live in this world.
What's the matter, out of practice?
When It Snows: Foreign Country
When It Snows: Snezhnaya
When It's Windy
Where I'm from, if we didn't keep moving, we'd freeze to death. Literally.
Whew, dinner was quite the feast. A spot of exercise is in order.
Wind Is Building Up: Foreign Country
Wind Is Building Up: Snezhnaya
You know, there are better ways to seek out our enemies than... well, standing here.
You look well. What's your secret? Care to exchange notes?
You wield such powers without owning a Vision... I really am excited to see what you have in store for us... Let's see how far you can go. Just don't go dying on me before you lay it all on the line in our own final battle! I won't allow it!
You're pretty good!
Your cooking skills seem to have improved quite a lot. Does that mean you're getting stronger all the time, too?