"Are we officially friends?" What, so this sort of thing needs official documentation now? Okay then... Well, hand over your "friendship certificate." I assume it'll need my signature.
*sigh* Sometimes I really do envy those simpletons who go around touching and eating anything and everything. In their minds, it must feel like miracles happen every day.
*sigh*... Who ate a poisonous mushroom this time?
*sniff* Smells like something good is inside.
...Do I need to teach you some new recipes?
A rich harvest that will lead to even richer ones.
About Alhaitham
About Collei
About Cyno: General Mahamatra
About Cyno: Good Question
About Dehya
About Dori
About Faruzan
About Kaveh
About Layla
About Lesser Lord Kusanali
About Lisa
About Tighnari: Kin
About Tighnari: Profession
About Us: Friends
About Us: Getting Along
About the Vision
After my adviser's rescue, I wrote him a letter to send my regards. To my surprise, he wrote back saying that someone had already given him my regards in person. He ended the letter with a query "Why is the General Mahamatra saying he wants to leverage the full might of Sumeru to restore the reputation of sages?" ...Good question. I'd like to know, too.
After the Rain
Ah, the thunder's so loud! Ugh... My head hurts...
Ally at Low HP
Are you acclimating to the rainforest? I suggest that you keep your eyes and ears open. Take care of yourself, and if anything happens, just flag down a Forest Ranger.
As a student, I once heard this saying: "Plants and the Land of Dendro share the same history." It could just be one of those things that people say, but I've always felt that there's a deeper meaning to those words... If I meet Lesser Lord Kusanali one day, I wonder... if she would explain them to me?
Be careful of Alhaitham. I'm not saying he's a bad guy, but he purely operates by rationality, so people often find his actions unacceptable. If you don't believe me, just ask his housemate — thanks to Alhaitham, he has more pent-up frustration than an angry Anemo Slime.
Birthday
Branches dotted with flower buds herald the advent of spring.
Can't see?
Character Idles
Chat: Leaf Bookmark
Chat: Mistakes
Chat: The Value of Knowledge
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Cyno has mentioned her before — an extraordinary genius with a veritable wealth of knowledge and talent. A pity that she returned to Mondstadt so long ago. Perhaps, in the course of her studies, she witnessed the horrifying side of knowledge...
Deploying Wind Glider
Did you know that plants can camouflage themselves? Some mimic insects or birds to intimidate their natural predators, others produce bait to attract pollinators, and still others are obligate carnivores that utilize enticing fragrances or honey to lure in their prey... Hmm, I feel like I'm not just talking about plants anymore.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes. It's all part of the learning process.
Don't worry about Karkata. I told the Matra I know that it's my research assistant. If anyone wants to do anything to it, they'll need to go through me. ...Since you seem to care a lot about Karkata, why don't you enroll in some courses at the Spantamad Darshan? That way, you can care for it even if I'm gone.
During lunch breaks, I like to sit in a tree and admire the sunlight streaming through the canopy. If I'm not careful, I'll fall asleep...
Dust... to dust...
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Enshroud!
Erm... I think we can forgo the lost-and-found report.
Everything happened so fast, and I didn't get the chance to properly thank her. To have a capable and reliable person like her on your side is extremely fortunate. I'm sure she must have many groups trying to persuade her to join their ranks. But she definitely doesn't strike me as the kind of person who would be interested in joining the Akademiya or the Forest Rangers, so I'll spare myself the inevitable rejection.
Excellent ingredients and impeccable seasoning. In short — it's delicious.
Excuse me?
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Flowers haven't bloomed yet...
Gah, it's so hot... Even a Mist Flower would melt in this heat... Ah, now that I think about it, it wouldn't... but you get what I mean, hehe... Ugh...
Germinating seeds break through the soil and take root.
Get some sleep. I'll be on guard duty — it'll be a good time to write today's patrol log entry.
Go get yourself patched up.
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Good evening. I'm preparing to go observe bioluminescent flora. Want to come?
Happy birthday! I picked out a potted plant in full bloom for you, along with a gardening guide. If anything happens to it, don't hesitate to find me at any time. This plant comes with a Forest Watcher lifetime guarantee.I'll have you know a lot of flowers are in season on your birthday. It took me forever to choose one. I'll get you a different species next year!
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Hi there. I'm Tighnari, Forest Watcher of the Avidya Forest. My duty is to preserve both the rainforest's ecosystem and the safety of its visitors. If this is your first time here, I suggest you first peruse the Avidya Forest Survival Guide, paying particular attention to the chapter "Distinguishing Between Edible and Poisonous Mushrooms."
I applied a plant-based waterproofing oil to my tail. One swish and it's dry.
I believe that the best way to achieve mutual understanding with someone is to spend time with them. Other methods are less realistic. That's why there is no need to rush introductions. Time will settle everything.
I don't see weather like this very often! Oh, are you cold? If you want, you can tuck your hands into my tail.
I had many beautiful and fantastical dreams as a child, but they vanished from my memory one day after I grew up. Do you still have dreams? Tell me about them.
I hear everything!
I remember praying as a kid that if I were lucky enough to receive a Vision, it had to be a Dendro one. It wasn't because of research. I just wanted to make a vine ladder to reach high-hanging fruit.
I studied botany in the Amurta Darshan. My academic adviser wanted me to join the faculty after graduation, but to be quite honest, I prefer a somewhat freer research environment. From my observations, the way that the Akademiya handles certain matters leaves much to be desired. Fortunately, my adviser didn't push the issue — heh, not like that would've worked.
I'll bury you.
I'll lead the way.
I'll let you in on a secret: I actually really like the atmosphere in the Grand Bazaar. Business is booming, everyone's so lively, and the theater is full of song and dance. Unfortunately, my ears don't tolerate loud sounds very well... You'll cover my ears for me? Hahaha, it'd be way too hard to walk like that! Thanks for the thought, though.
I'll uproot you!
I'm not finished... my research...
I'm used to the rain, but you should probably use an umbrella.
I've heard about the Aranara for some time now, but I haven't personally seen any. Sometimes, I hear rustling sounds from the forest's depths, but they disappear when I go closer. That's a good thing, though. At least they know how to protect themselves, unlike those stupid adventurers whose first thought when they run into an Avidya Leopard is "Ooh, maybe I'll form an inter-species friendship today."
I've heard of her, the famous "Sleepwalking Eccentric." The rumors about her sleepwalking are really quite absurd: feats of superhuman strength, sprinting through Aaru Village at night, scaling the Wall of Samiel with her bare hands... Some even say that she can write a 100,000-word thesis while asleep! What a load of nonsense.
If you press a leaf between dry sheets of paper, you can make an attractive and handy bookmark.
In the Desert
Interesting Things
Joining Party
Jumping
Kaveh is a famous architect in Sumeru. The Palace of Alcazarzaray is his magnum opus. During the initial planning, he even asked me to recommend suitable ornamental flora. I don't know why or how, but he ended up heavily in debt after the palace was completed. Alhaitham is helping out by letting him stay at his place, but... I don't know whether that's a blessing or a curse...
Keep up.
Least Favorite Food
Leaves and flowers often drop onto the ground of the Avidya Forest, sometimes perfectly intact. Leaving them on the ground would be such a pity... I can't help but pick them up and keep them as biological specimens. They can be used as educational materials for Forest Rangers or as decorative pieces. Very versatile.
Let's go gather some samples!
Let's nip that in the bud!
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Listen! That's the sound of dew dripping upon the leaves.
Low HP
Madam Faruzan possesses an extensive wealth of knowledge. I often invite her to inspect the mechanisms in the rainforest. The next time she's in Gandharva Ville... *sigh* I hope she doesn't sneak Collei more food. Nutrition is like medicine: moderation is key.
Many people think that my kind are loners, and I don't blame them for thinking that. The few of us around are mostly scholars, and we're always chasing our research — so you'd be lucky to spy a single tuft of tail fur in a whole year. Like my father, for example. He's an entomologist, and lately, he's been studying the evolution of beetles in the desert... I have no intention of joining him. I'm ashamed to admit that I don't tolerate the sun very well. Prolonged exposure turns my brain and body into mush.
Mid Attack
More About Tighnari: I
More About Tighnari: II
More About Tighnari: III
More About Tighnari: IV
More About Tighnari: V
My ears... My ears... They're going to be blown inside out!
My olfactory system is overly sensitive, so I lack the good fortune to enjoy heavily spiced foods... Quite the shame in Sumeru.
My tail's all messed up...
Nice flavor pairing. Could you give me a copy of the recipe? I want to put this on the menu for the Forest Rangers' next meal.
One thing after another!
One with the forest.
Opening Treasure Chest
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Safety first.
Seedlings grow, reaching out with their branches and leaves.
Something to Share: Aranara
Something to Share: Karkata
Sprint End
Sprint Start
The renowned Lord Sangemah Bay is none other than Dori. I became acquainted with her through a previous research project. It had required very rare materials, and the only way I could get them was through her and her mysterious supply network. Uh... never you mind what I was buying and what I was researching, thank you very much!
The value of knowledge cannot simply be quantified in monetary terms.
This may sound strange, but although the blood of a carnivore runs through my veins, mushrooms are the one food that I can't give up. There are many species of edible mushrooms. Whether fresh or dried, they all give off a unique scent. Even when stewed with meat, it's the mushrooms' aroma that comes out on top.
Tighnari's Hobbies
Tighnari's Troubles
Time to pull some weeds.
To better serve the Avidya Forest, I occasionally offer training courses to the Forest Rangers. If you want to split hairs, then yes, these courses would be considered as "dissemination of information" by the Akademiya. But what are they going to do — lock me up? I dare them. We'll see how many patients suffering from weird and wonderful ailments start flooding into the Bimarstan every day!
Troubles? Let me think... Pollution in the Avidya Forest, adventurers who constantly stir up trouble, and rescue dogs that always want to mess with my tail... But these problems all have solutions. If you're talking about bigger concerns, then I really don't have any. In this regard, the life of a Forest Watcher is pretty simple.
Ugh, what a drag.
When It Rains
When It Snows
When Thunder Strikes
When that child was first brought here, she was effectively illiterate. It wasn't a huge issue, though. She's a hard worker and a diligent student, so she's made good progress. Still, her goal is to learn advanced medical techniques, so she still has a long way to go. She sometimes puts too much pressure on herself... Help her out when you can, would you? Consider it a favor for me as her mentor. Thanks a lot.
When the Wind Is Blowing
Who do you think you are?
Why is there a chest here?
You want to see Cyno...? Well, firstly, a word of caution: if he ever comes chasing you down for work-related reasons, prepare for the nightmare of a lifetime. Other than that, General Mahamatra is a high-ranking position, so it usually isn't easy to find him. But he does occasionally go to Gandharva Ville to see Collei. As much as he might want to stay unnoticed, he can't fool my ears, heh.