*Yawn* That was a refreshing sleep. Ah, Traveler, we meet again! What? You don't remember me? Ahaha, well, allow me to join you on your quest once again. I must see to it that the bards of the world tell the Traveler's tales!
*clears throat* Have you heard The Ballad of the Treasure Chest?
...Oh dear.
About Albedo
About Baal
About Barbara
About Buer
About Diluc
About Diona
About Eula
About Jean
About Mona
About Morax
About Razor
About Us: Apostles
About Us: Heroes
About Us: New Songs
About Us: Requests
About Venti
About the Vision
Acting Grand Master Jean... Well, what do you think of her? Yes, I couldn't agree more: conscientious, courageous... kind and considerate too. Reminds me of another good friend...
After the Rain
Ah yes, the white-haired fellow from Wolvendom? Raised by wolves? Really? ... No wonder his scent is so familiar...
Ah!
Ah... Ugh...
Ahh, quite delightful! So... could I get the same thing again tomorrow? ...And maybe the day after that?
Ally at Low HP
An evening breeze really sets the mood for becoming my disciple, don't you think? We can do it right now, you just need to make me a small offering...
Birthday
Brace yourselves!
Celestia... I'm not sure even I could fly that far. In any case, the water there tastes foul and the fruit is bland. You know what that means? No cider! Haha, in that case, I wouldn't go there even if I was invited.
Character Idles
Chat: Apple Cider
Chat: Ballads
Chat: Playing the Lyre
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Come on Traveler, let's go! The world is full of lost ballads just waiting to be rediscovered.
Come, sit with me. I've written a new poem. I call it "Wind of the Traveler."
Deploying Wind Glider
Didn't keep you waiting, did I?
Don't give up!
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Eula has good taste when it comes to beverages of the alcoholic variety. Come summer or winter, she always likes them ice-cold. That's rare among Mondstadters these days! She and I would make great drinking buddies. Huh? My songs about the Lawrence Clan... She's heard them already? Eh, no harm done. Maybe she and I can do a duet sometime!
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Give me a moment to compose myself.
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Good work. Shall we repose for a moment, with a tune? Shall it be a capriccio, or a serenade?
Have you seen that gentleman around? Huh? He's just a normal man by the name of Zhongli now? That must be quite the change for that old block-head. Come with me to see him, will you? I have a vintage I dug up from Windrise that I can take as a condolence gift. Oh, ahh... did he still seem strong when you saw him? How strong? Am I likely to get blown away?
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Here we go!
Here, have an apple. I just picked it. Look how ripe and juicy it is... *munching*... Truly the fruit of the gods.
Hmm... Though I've long since viewed this scenery a great many times, there is something different about seeing it again with you. Surely you're not still concealing some other wondrous abilities? Hmm, even if you were, it would simply further prove that my intuition is correct.
Hmm? You want to know about my Vision? Oh, go on then, take a look for yourself. I can make you a matching one if you like! Hehehe.
How do you explain white chalk in black soil, or the earth's dense crust amidst the emptiness of space? Same reason the purest soil gave birth to human life... It's an ancient power with unmistakable properties. Trying to harness it is dangerous indeed, I can't imagine what would happen if someone lost control of it in the city... Ah, never mind! What goes on within Mondstadt's walls is up to Mondstadt's people to deal with!
How rude!
I can't believe it, but I don't think I can stomach this... Oh boy... What a predicament.
I have decided to write a song about you! What are you giving me that look for? Can't afford it? Don't be preposterous, the price for you, my friend, is precisely zero Mora! Although... one thing you could do is tell me a few more of your stories!
I like to drink! And I like the wind! If only there were such a thing as wind-brewed cider...
I'm actually highly allergic to cats, I start sneezing as soon as they enter the vicinity, and... Aaah... Aa-choo! Ugh, apparently I can't even THINK about cats without sneezing. Do you think there is a cure for this monstrous affliction?
I'm not surprised you want to befriend Master Diluc, just think of all vintage wine he must have stored away... Mwuhahaha... Huh? He doesn't let you sample it? Not even the slightest drop? Huh... Well, I guess you can still appreciate the aroma. That's still better than no wine at all, right? No?
I'm still not sleepy, fancy an evening stroll?
Interesting Things
It's stopped raining already? A shame, I wanted to play some more.
Joining Party
Jumping
Least Favorite Food
Let me sleep a while...
Let me try!
Let's go jumping in puddles and see who can make the biggest splash!
Let's play!
Let's wait till the snow gets heavier and have a snowball fight!
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Low HP
Media:VO Venti About Us - Heroes (A).ogg Media:VO Venti About Us - Heroes (B).ogg Haha, once the (hero/heroine) in the song has actually rescued the (princess/prince), I will ensure this song spreads to every corner of the continent!
Mid Attack
More About Venti: I
More About Venti: II
More About Venti: III
More About Venti: IV
More About Venti: V
Morning! What's in store for today?
My greatest wish? It has always been to roam free and experience the whole world. Now I would add that wherever I go, it simply must be with you! Each day with you is an adventure, and where adventurers go, storytellers must follow!
My tummy is rumbling, but I can't get caught pilfering food from the Dawn Winery again... Oh, it's you! Where are you heading? May I join?
Off to the land of nod? Haha, Farewell my friend!
Oh no, my lyre is broken...
Oh, that astrologer? How should I put it? Fortune telling and my singing are the same. Both lead to you being so poor you can't even cough up the money for a drink! ...You think that astrology is a cultural tradition, so at least still has some value? Hmph, so rude. In that case, so too is singing, so it still has its value too!
Olah! Haha, that's how the Hilichurls say "hello". Why, I learned it to aid with my songwriting, of course! Vast knowledge makes for a richer composition... That said, I haven't actually written any songs in Hilichurlian so far...
Oof, I'm so full... I'll have to pass on the post-meal fruits this time...
Opening Treasure Chest
Perfect timing, Traveler! I was about to ask you — what is your greatest wish?
Practice? Me? There's no need - I already know every song in Teyvat!
Ready for a rehearsal?
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Right now I wish I was sat at the top of a tree, looking out over a meadow, cider in hand... *sigh*
So, I hear you defeated the mighty Raiden Shogun? Ah, I recall the days when she was a kagemusha, seeking to perfect her martial prowess. Hehe, she now no doubt employs a wide range of reasoning to get you to train with her. Oh but yes, come close and I shall let you in on her weakness — desserts!
Someone once told me you're supposed to eat a cake on your birthday... Tada! Here's your birthday cake — it's apple flavored! And here's a spoon. The cake didn't rise properly in the oven, that's why it looks more akin to an apple pie... Ugh, baking is really quite complicated!
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Sure, I'll play you another tune, but it'll cost you an apple.
Thank Barbatos! Wait a minute...
That was uncalled for.
The Pyro Archon is a wayward, warmongering wretch, and the Geo Archon is a brutish blundering buffoon! How do I know? Because, this is written in the epic poems of days gone by!
The darling Deaconess with the sweet singing voice — do you know her? You do? Idol, huh? Meet and greets? Concerts? Wow... That's the power of music for you...
The first thing you think of when you hear "Dendro Archon" is her power over dreams. Her dreams are akin to my ballads: full of emotion and imagination. It goes without saying that we get along really well.
The wind has returned! Quick, let's go gliding!
There's a special drink known far and wide at Cat's Tail. But it ah... ahh... ACHOO! *sniffs* How about you go and fetch one for me? I'll be truly thankful, I promise.
There's never a dull moment traveling with you! The only minor inconvenience is that pesky little pixie thing that follows you everywhere... she never stops eating, I can't begin to imagine how much you spend on food!
Think you can get away?
Time for takeoff!
Traveler, have you ever seen a cecilia? It's a magnificent white wildflower that only grows on the most remote mountains and clifftops. To me, at least, it is the most beautiful flower in all of Teyvat.
Ugh, I'm not in the mood for this!
Venti's Hobbies
Venti's Troubles
What a find! I wonder how many bottles this'll be worth...
What's that tasty morsel you've got there... Eew! A melted cheese pancake! A smelly, sticky, slimy disgusting mess!
What's that? You think I should try harder to be a good Anemo Archon? Well you could be a better devotee too... you could be more pious, more passionate, or... um...
What?!
When It Rains
When It Snows
When the Wind Is Blowing
Woah! What was that?
Wouldn't gliding be faster?
Yahoo!
Yoo-Hoo!