*grunts* Good.
...Weak.
About Baizhu
About Beidou
About Ganyu
About Hu Tao
About Shenhe
About Us: Drowsiness
About Us: Lantern Rite
About Us: Trust
About Us: Warnings
About Venti
About Xiao: Inhuman
About Xiao: Liyue
About Yelan
About Zhongli
About the Vision: Desires
About the Vision: Reasons
After the Rain
Ally at Low HP
Beidou? I have nothing to do with her. Though there is such a thing as the leviathan. As a mere human, she has proven her power in defeating Haishan.
Birthday
Boring.
Can I ask... Zhongli — what does he do with his days? Huh? Birds, antiques, flowers...Hmm... What deeper meaning do they hold?
Character Idles
Chat: Corruption
Chat: Idleness
Chat: Wandering Spirits
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Conquering demons is what I do.
Countless souls have fallen prey to these hands. I too have been swallowed by the darkness — and yet you dare to drive me on. You may think of me as... your companion. You seek to find me salvation?...You... really are a difficult being to comprehend.
Cry!
Demons do not stop for the rain. Move.
Deploying Wind Glider
Dihua Islet was once deserted.Though that was many decades... no, centuries ago...
Disappear!
Disperse!
Do not fall prey to the darkness. I have no mercy.Though perhaps you can stand your ground alone.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Evil conquering!
Evil shall be dispersed.
Fallen
Favorite Food: Almond Tofu
Favorite Food: Memories
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Ganyu is neither mortal nor illuminated beast. Wandering both the mortal and Adepti realms with duty as her sole guide, it was inevitable that she would become perplexed... What? Me? You believe a Yaksha who knows nothing more than how to massacre countless souls and emerge unscathed is a suitable mentor for such an individual? ...Your mind occupies a very different world from that which your body inhabits.
Get back if you wanna survive.
Go. I'll be here.
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Grrgh... Those memories... So dark...
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Here!
Hiding? I'm hiding nothing. I just won't speak of desire to others.Do mortals not have a rule about spoken wishes never coming true? Hm? What do you mean that's not the same?
Hmph.
Hmph... there's quality here.
Hu Tao? Her liveliness is irritating. Fortunately, she is also humorous, so you need not worry about her growing into a boring human.
I deal in death. If you cannot bring yourself to kill — speak my name.
I have no interest in mortal food. Cooking is tedious and the wait is long. The one thing I can manage to stomach is Almond Tofu.
I'm far from human. I can't make much of human emotions.
I'm willing to protect you.But don't think about getting close, and stay out of my way, or all that awaits you is regret.
I've heard that she once investigated The Chasm, following the trail of the Millelith. If she can investigate mysteries like that on her own, she must be someone of rare skill.
If a day comes where even you are taken by the darkness, it will be up to me.
If it's useful, I'll take it.
If you awake to a knife at your throat, if monsters dig their claws into you, if death comes knocking at your door, call out my name. Adeptus Xiao. I will be here when you call.
Impossible...
In the thousands of years that have passed, I have taken countless wraiths. If you want no trouble, stay away from me. See me as a weapon, and nothing more.
Interesting Things
Is this... retribution?
It seems Shenhe places a great deal of trust in you. Well, how could she not. There are few people in the world as kind and good-natured as you.
It's too late. The connection between us is too strong. Even if you wanted to, it's too late to sever it. Hm? You've never thought to sever it?*sigh* This eternal dance of demon subjugation... My fight goes on.But I would like to know more about you.
Joining Party
Jumping
Lament!
Least Favorite Food
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Liyue is changing. Rapidly... Forget it, it means nothing to me.
Low HP
Lunch... We'll go back to Wangshu Inn.
Many mortals fear lightning... Incomprehensible. Fear of something so common.
Mid Attack
Mm... Not bad... Why are you staring at me?
Morax...? What do you know of this name?!He gave me the name Xiao, and released me from the endless pain I endured.I will not forgive those that dare to speak against him, even you.
More About Xiao: I
More About Xiao: II
More About Xiao: III
More About Xiao: IV
More About Xiao: V
New power? All it will be used for is death.
Night... When the darkness comes to envelope you. Don't stay outside.
No need.
Once the snow is thick enough, we can eat it.
Opening Treasure Chest
Plunging Attacks
Prepare to die, fool!
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Reduced to just standing around. How absurd.
Shut it.
Something to Share
Sprint End
Sprint Start
That's it?
The Lantern Rite? The time for humans to discard their glowing trash into the sea has returned... How childish...Though if you insist... I will go with you.
The damned will sooner die again than lay a hand on me.
The day... has finally come.
The limit to one's power is self-destruction. Answer me. Why do you persist?
The rain stopped? Hmph. I don't concern myself with the weather.
The taste of Almond Tofu feels like a fond dream...
Their voices... I can always hear them. Their screams, their cries, demanding more death...This is my burden to carry. It has nothing to do with you.
There's nothing timid about you, having the courage to ask about my hobbies.So, fight me. How long do you think your body will last against my blows?
This is it? Nothing worth getting excited about.
This mortal concept of commemorating the day of your birth really is redundant. Wait. Have this. It's a butterfly I made from leaves.Okay. Take it. It's an adepti amulet — it staves off evil.
Trouble? Ha. Trouble means nothing to adepti. There is no trouble that can last for a thousand years.
Try something else next time.
Ugh, get out of my way!
Useless.
Venti? So that's the name he goes by. His tunes are... forget it.
Visions? Desire? Ha. Do not judge adepti by your mortal ideals. I have no desire.
Wait. I am expected to place slices of meat in wrappings myself? And then... eat them? Together? Ugh, humans these days do not know what they are doing.
We're wasting time. Let's go.
When It Rains
When It Snows
When Thunder Strikes
Who's there? Oh... You think I sleep? You have no respect for the ways of the adepti.
Why would anyone want... *sigh* Forget it, it's not my concern.
Worthless!
Xiao's Hobbies
Xiao's Troubles
You called?
You want... Baizhu to make a medicine to take away my pain? I understand your intentions, but mortal medicine has no effect on adepti.