About Baizhu
About Beidou
About Chongyun
About Hu Tao
About Ningguang
About Us: Invitation
About Us: Kindred Spirits
About Us: The Audience
About Xiangling
About Xinyan: Frightening
About Xinyan: Rock 'N' Roll
About Yun Jin
About Zhongli
About the Vision
Ack! Gotta find some cover, quick, or my hairdo's gonna fall apart!
Ally at Low HP
Almost about to go live over here. You comin'?
Alright, that sounded kinda bad.
Alright, that's a wrap! *yawns* If there's nothin' else, I'll go take a nap somewhere...
Amp it up!
And here I was wonderin' why we got on so well! So you're not from this world, and that's why you don't care for its rules. Now that's how life should be like! Lose the red tape, and live free!
Aw yeah, rock on!
Back when I was little, the adults all said I had to be more girly, that I should learn and study all these things. Wasn't ever any good at it, though, and I'd often get roasted bad. Rock 'n' roll's a different story. No one ever taught me, but I can do it just fine. And of course, the adults say "that's unladylike!" *sigh* Talk about prejudice.
Birthday
Character Idles
Chat: Look!
Chat: New Song
Chat: Vigor
Climbing
Climbing Breath
Deploying Wind Glider
Didn't make it... to the chorus...
Dr. Baizhu's prescriptions are the tops at preserving my voice. I did an impromptu performance for him as thanks, but... the snake he keeps around his neck fainted away. Haha, now it ducks up Dr. Baizhu's sleeve every time I'm around. I only discovered afterwards that snakes are very sensitive to vibrations.
Elemental Burst
Elemental Skill
Fallen
Favorite Food
Feel the beat!
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up
Feelings About Ascension: Climax
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion
Feelings About Ascension: Intro
Good Afternoon
Good Evening
Good Morning
Good Night
Happy birthday! I made some embroidery especially for you. Check it out — I sewed both our images on in the style of Fontaine's dolls. Pretty cute, eh? ...Why are you looking at me like that? Wh—What, it's not that weird that I can do embroidery!
He's one interesting guy. He looks introverted enough, but there was this one time when he came to one of my performances. A friend brought him or something, and he had some words for me, but I couldn't hear 'em over the music. Before I knew it, he was right up there on the stage with me, singing and rockin' his heart out. Guess you really can't judge a book by its cover!
Heavy Attack
Heavy Hit Taken
Hello
Her? She speaks her mind and has a big heart, and we get on great. The Crux's adventures are real epic. They've given me tons of inspiration in the past! I even wrote them a song. Nowadays, I just need to sing the first line, and most all the sailors will join in. It's fast becoming a new sea shanty, it is.
Hey now, don't rock till you drop!
Hey! Not the guitar!
Hmm... How do we attract more folks in this weather? Right! How about we stage a rock 'till you drop snowstorm endurance challenge?
Hmm... You don't mind if I add a little something to spice things up, do ya?
Hobbies? Rock 'n' roll, of course! You ever have that something you put your all into? When everything you love comes together into one thing, the place and time loses all importance. You just need to enjoy it to the fullest, and express yourself to your hearts content! I can never get enough of that feelin'!
I believe in rock 'n' roll's spirit of resistance, but I don't think it means that I have to go around shoving it in people's faces. I'm perfectly capable of living normally. I can sew, I can grow flowers and keep fish, and make nice-looking meals. I'm allowed to like anything... or anyone I want, right?
I feel your awesome, overflowing passion! Tell you what, I'll write you a rock song. It'll be your song - and I'll play it just for you!
I have dinner at the Wanmin Restaurant often. If Xiangling's got some time on her hands, we'll chat till it's real late. Eh? You wanna know what I order? See... I actually eat everything she makes. It's never the same thing, and the flavor's different each time, too. Ooh, she's the rock star of the culinary world, she is!
I just came up with an awesome new riff, wanna hear it?
I made this guitar myself, y'know? Based it off a rock 'n' roll instrument from Fontaine at first, but it stopped looking like the original real fast. I wanted to give it a rad name, like "The Fyre Lyre," or "The Jadebreaker," or "The Hill Stiller." Still, feels like we're missin' something... Any ideas?
I send children a-crying every time I accidentally lock eyes with them on the road. *sigh* If only there was a way to make me look a little less scary. But I've tried everything, and nothing sticks...
I'd sure love to add some extra flavor to my rock 'n' roll. Wanna get on the drums next time? You've got a good sense of rhythm. ...You've never played? Don't sweat it, it's a question of soul, not skill! Give it a go, I just know you'll be great!
I'm guessin' that I'm the only person in Teyvat who uses the fire from their Vision in rock performances. Some say I should respect that power more... But the way I see it, the gods gave the Vision to me, so they like my style, don'cha think?
I'm on fire lately. Look out for my next performance!
I'm takin' the stage!
I'm used to this much.
I've no clue what she's thinking, going around looking all happy-clappy like that when she's the head of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. Always greets me cheerily too, saying "I like people who play with fire, they're good for business" or somethin' like that... She's a bit bizarre, I tell you.
If there's fire in your soul, you gotta rock 'n' roll. So c'mon! Let's get movin'!
Interesting Things
It's really comin' down... Would be all sorts of bad if my guitar got wet.
Joining Party
Jumping
Least Favorite Food
Let's jam!
Light Attack
Light Hit Taken
Low HP
Me? Oh, I've got a guitar to maintain, tunes to rewrite... I mean, I just got offstage, there's no way I can sleep right now.
Mid Attack
More About Xinyan: I
More About Xinyan: II
More About Xinyan: III
More About Xinyan: IV
More About Xinyan: V
Mornin'! I was just warming my voice up. We're in real good shape today.
My favorite stage outfit's one I made by hand outta Silk Flowers. You must've seen those flowers before, haven'tcha? Passion-red, they are — a perfect match for my music!
Not afraid of me, are you? Some folks say I've got eyes like knives, that I don't wear my clothes right, that I don't speak right. They give me a pretty wide berth, too. Really, can't a girl sport her own style without being looked at like she's some weird creature outta who-knows-where?
Not that I'm picky, but I can't stand bland food. If it's supposed to be salty or spicy, make it salty or spicy! You can't have a good time if you don't go all-in on the flavor! Even if all I had on hand were enough ingredients for one serving of Jewelry Soup, I'd make sure I'd do right by them!
Opening Treasure Chest
Power chord!
Pyrotechnics!
Receiving a Gift: I
Receiving a Gift: II
Receiving a Gift: III
Rock 'n' roll came to Liyue from Fontaine, so I guess you could call it a new thing. But it's not too hot around here. Most think it's an awful racket not fit for human ears. And that's why I appreciate everyone who does come listen, haha!
Rockin' to the rescue!
Say, do you notice anything different 'bout me today? I did some facial massages to relax my mouth and eyes, and practiced smiling less broadly in front of a mirror for half an hour. So, how'd it go? Do I look a bit less fierce than usual? ...Even scarier? Huh, okay...
Shred til' I'm dead!
Something to Share: Naming
Something to Share: Opera
Sprint End
Sprint Start
Tch! Not cool.
Tell you a secret — but you gotta keep it that way, you hear? She's real fond of rock 'n' roll. Comes to watch me at least three times a week no matter how packed her schedule is. You'd think that the head of Heyu Tea House's troupe would be into finer arts and all, eh? But I guess it gets suffocating after a while. Haha.
Thanks for staying to jam with me! It's almost time for lunch. I've brought your share as well! We've got tomatoes, sausages, fried eggs... Say what? I don't seem like the type? H—Hey now, don't you look down on me. M—Making a nice-looking meal was no problem at all!
That was jus' the intro...
That's the groove, alright! That's what I'm talking about!
The beat's all... messed up.
The lunch down at the Liyue dockyards rocks! Oily, meaty... Bit skimpy on the vegetables, but I could never get tired of it! Far as I'm concerned, a whole day in the dockyards is worth it just for the lunch!
The taste ain't bad, but it's lackin' that special spark... I can help you with the presentation if you want?
There was this one fellow who invited me to perform at his place, back when there weren't many who would give my music the time of day. I was touched, let me tell you what. Like, hey, someone gets it! I agreed right away... But when I got there, I found out that he was the consultant at the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. What a weird guy. I mean, how was that appropriate?
This rain ain't clearin' any time soon... but the show's still on, people!
This rocks!
Time to celebrate! Ready? 1, 2, 3, 4...
Time to rock!
Went... out of tune...
Whatever's going on over there... Looks pretty rock 'n' roll to me!
When It Rains
When It Snows
When Thunder Strikes
When the Wind Is Blowing
With such power, who knows what never-before-seen bangers I'll be able to come up with? Thanks so much! My next work won't disappoint!
Woohoo! Let me hear ya!
Wowee, you've rocked my socks off with this one. I am moving to the groove of your awesome food! Mm-mm!
Xinyan's Hobbies
Xinyan's Troubles
Xinyan's the name, an' rock 'n' roll's the game — and I'm the only one who plays it in Liyue Harbor. Been thinking about staging concerts elsewhere lately, but... Hmm... Well, word is that you've been all over the place, Traveler. So, what say you sign me up for your world tour? Anywhere's good!
Y'know, the Millelith used to get in my way all the time. Can't set up a stage here, can't perform there. Real bother, it was... Ahem. But after I wrote to the Ministry of Civil Affairs, I heard that the Tianquan amended one of Liyue's... Uh, some rule or something. She designated some spots for performances to take place, so long as you apply. *sigh* It's still a load of trouble if you ask me, but it's better than being harangued by those Millelith every time, so...
You ever heard of opera? It's what those rich guys listen to at their banquets. It's all tenor this and falsetto that... Getting so uptight about music, ugh — it's just not rock 'n' roll.
You wanna hear me play? Come to the front — it sounds best from there! *clears throat* Alright then, comin' at you from the one and only rock stage in Liyue!
You wanna know more about me? Well, aren't you just odd? Most people would do just the opposite. Well, where should we start? ...Eh, guess we'll start with rock 'n' roll.