 Did you get that this time, Paimon?
 I need a while more to prepare.
Aberaku: Then I shall await your tidings.
 I'm ready
Aberaku: Then I wish you... every success in your battle ahead.
Start trial
 No, his name's Aberaku.
 Quest DescriptionClear the trials according to the path prescribed by the spirit named Aberaku and obtain the offerings...
 Were you even listening to him?
Aberaku: ...No, wait. Wh—Why am I here? Why has my soul become lost in the realm of dreams, unable to find rest?
Aberaku: A portion of my bones should be enshrined in this place, but they have long rotted away... Please, I beseech you...
Aberaku: Aberaku, Helios-Forger!
Aberaku: Ah, Helios! Helios!
Aberaku: Are you fully girded up, Traveler?
Aberaku: How the people gazed upon it then! How they wept hot tears, raised their arms with joyful cries, unable to restrain their intense emotions!
Aberaku: I remember now! My soul is rent! If it can be made whole, I can be at peace once more.
Aberaku: In order to... In order to...
Aberaku: In this task must you play a critical role, and so I say unto you...
Aberaku: It seems that your strength is more than sufficient to help escort the enshrined items...
Aberaku: Mine own creation... Helios! When it was finished, its light spread from horizon to horizon, and thus were the people spared from the dragon-scourge!
Aberaku: My name is...
Aberaku: Take these articles that carry my remnant thoughts with you... There are, however, monsters abound here who keep my soul entrapped, and they will swarm over once an object within which my soul rests is removed.
Aberaku: Then I shall await your tidings.
Aberaku: Then I wish you... every success in your battle ahead.
Aberaku: This matter is perilous. Tell me once you are ready, O Traveler, and we shall begin.
Aberaku: This way, I can finally rest easy. Those items must be sent, in order to...
Paimon: But the offerings he was talking about were probably these items... As slightly beat-up as they might look.
Paimon: In order to what now?
Paimon: Looks like some kind of afterimage again.
Paimon: Oh...
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon knows this one.
Paimon: So what he's saying is—
Paimon: Sure did.
Paimon: S—Something's coming out!
Paimon: That he's Helios-Forger, right?
Paimon: This spirit seems... disturbed.
Paimon: Uh-oh, here comes trouble...
Paimon: Uh-oh. Looks like he's gone into broken-clock mode.
Paimon: Wait, but if he's Aberaku, what's the Helios?