 Best not to eat them all the same.
 I need a while more to prepare.
Aberaku: Then I shall await your tidings.
 I'm ready.
Aberaku: Then I wish you... every success in your battle ahead.
 Me?
 Paimon, I think he's talking to you.
Paimon: Nah, he's clearly looking at you.
Paimon: (With a very heated look in his eyes, too.)
 Quest DescriptionClear the trials according to the path prescribed by the spirit named Aberaku and obtain the offerings...
Aberaku: ...Right. You.
Aberaku: A pox! A pox upon them all!
Aberaku: Aberaku, Helios-Forger!
Aberaku: Are you fully girded up, Traveler?
Aberaku: But if you can pass the test, then I shall hand the offerings, into which I have nested my thoughts, unto you.
Aberaku: But... those ravening rogues! The moment their lives were no longer in danger, they began to deceive and lie. They even advocated placing mere infants on the throne. Laughable!
Aberaku: Even I became the target of their schemes, and was left in jail to rot!
Aberaku: I pray for your... success...
Aberaku: I-Incredible! You may just be able to do this...
Aberaku: I... I was betrayed...
Aberaku: In order to...
Aberaku: In order to... In order to...
Aberaku: It can only be you!
Aberaku: My name is…
Aberaku: My sacred robes were once placed here, but they have all but rotten away in the passing of years, and can no longer be relied upon.
Aberaku: Please then, I beg you, carry these offerings... the offerings... you must...
Aberaku: Take them to the place of enshringing... enjoin the parts of my soul, in order to...
Aberaku: Then I shall await your tidings.
Aberaku: Then I wish you... every success in your battle ahead.
Aberaku: This matter is perilous. Tell me once you are ready, O Traveler, and we shall begin.
Aberaku: This unsurpassed deed could have been done by no other in Byakuyakoku — none save I!
Aberaku: To...
Aberaku: Verily! T'was I who organized the building of the Helios with the might of an entire nation behind me, that we might resist the Dragonheirs of the Depths.
Aberaku: When the sky kingdom crashed into the bottomless depths, the people were scourged by dragons, and thus did I — yes, 'twas I — begin building the Helios to save all from our fate.
Aberaku: You must take them away to...
Paimon: (With a very heated look in his eyes, too.)
Paimon: But why would such a great person be sealed in here?
Paimon: H-Hey! Paimon doesn't just eat anything, alright?
Paimon: Hello, Mr. Spirit?
Paimon: Huh. Guess that is pretty impressive.
Paimon: In order to do what again?
Paimon: Is it something very impressive?
Paimon: Nah, he's clearly looking at you.
Paimon: Oh brother, his words are getting less and less clear!
Paimon: These offerings have been here for so long. Who knows if there's anything edible here.
Paimon: Ugh, this guy isn't making himself clear at all! But it seems we're supposed to take these offerings somewhere - Paimon got that much.
Paimon: Um, what's the Helios?
Paimon: Well, let's take the offerings with us anyway, (Traveler).
Paimon: What's wrong?