 I don't think that's his issue...
Paimon: Come on, it's gotta be! Look at him, he can hardly speak clearly!
 I need a while more to prepare.
Aberaku: Then I shall await your tidings.
 I'm ready
Aberaku: Then I wish you... every success in your battle ahead.
Start trial
 Quest DescriptionClear the trials according to the path prescribed by the spirit named Aberaku and obtain the offerings...
 Well, it just so happens that we have some emergen—
Paimon: Hey!
Aberaku: *sigh* If this thing is done, then my wishes shall be fulfilled.
Aberaku: ...Strange. Why is that?
Aberaku: Aberaku, Helios-Forger!
Aberaku: After that, I was imprisoned...
Aberaku: Ah, if only Byakuyakoku had such valiant warriors as you! Then...
Aberaku: And yet, though it shames me to say so, I know not just how I died...
Aberaku: Are you fully girded up, Traveler?
Aberaku: As such, please take them with you.
Aberaku: But I recall that I was imprisoned on orders from a child.
Aberaku: But that also caused my spirit to be separated and rendered unable to rest.
Aberaku: But these offerings can be used to replace the remnants of my body and my attire in sustaining an ounce of my thoughts.
Aberaku: But though it was high up, it was dark, lightless, and cold as the ice itself.
Aberaku: He was not at fault. The blame should fall upon those who controlled him like a puppet in their palms... Forget it. Such things are best left unsaid.
Aberaku: How could I have been felled by your vile slander, or imprisoned by your puppet infants!?
Aberaku: However, there are many perils on the enshrining path. So though it may seem rude of me, could you accept a certain test first?
Aberaku: If this persists, I doubt that even my current state can be sustained for long...
Aberaku: Imprisoned in a...
Aberaku: In a very high place.
Aberaku: In order to... In order to...
Aberaku: Indeed. But till today, I can never feel any hatred for that child, only pity.
Aberaku: I— No, wait. I was imprisoned for months and years beyond count, was I not? Then... This must be my post-life form?
Aberaku: My name is...
Aberaku: No, I just remembered...
Aberaku: Please defeat the monsters hereabouts, the prison wardens of my spirit.
Aberaku: Then I shall await your tidings.
Aberaku: Then I wish you... every success in your battle ahead.
Aberaku: This matter is perilous. Tell me once you are ready, O Traveler, and we shall begin.
Aberaku: This place should have been the resting place of my sacred crown, though it has surely decayed by now. This must surely be why my thoughts are so... stuck.
Aberaku: Wait! That's it! The offerings!
Aberaku: When I died in prison, my attire and body were enshrined in various places due to my contribution in creating the Helios.
Aberaku: Why do I feel that a high place should have brought a person warmth and comfort?
Aberaku: Why... Why can't I remember any of this?
Aberaku: You must bring these offerings bearing my thoughts to be enshrined... in the place where I was held under arrest. We must do this, in order to...
Paimon: "Post-life form"? You mean that you're already dead, right?
Paimon: (Traveler), let's just take those items with us.
Paimon: A child?
Paimon: Actually, (Traveler), could you check if there's something to eat amongst the offerings?
Paimon: Are you hungry, maybe?
Paimon: But where was this high-up place where this guy was imprisoned?
Paimon: Come on, it's gotta be! Look at him, he can hardly speak clearly!
Paimon: Here comes one of those spirits...
Paimon: Hey!
Paimon: In a...?
Paimon: In order to what?
Paimon: Takes a pretty rare spirit to realize that.
Paimon: Test? What test?
Paimon: Ugh, there's no use talking to this guy now. Seems like his spirit's all messed up again.
Paimon: What, do you wanna eat them?
Paimon: Whenever Paimon's famished, forget thinking, she can barely even talk straight!