 A ninth.
 Bunkoku's Secret Treasure?
 Doesn't this lead us back to the previous room below?
 He needs some time alone.
 Hello, Ya... Ya...
 It won't hurt to be honest, you know.
 It's possible.
Paimon: No, no. Had they successfully found the treasure, the Bunkoku Puzzle should've been solved long ago. It wouldn't have remained a mystery till today.
 Let's return and ask Yabe.
Paimon: Good idea. Since the note says that there are eight stone slates in total, there should be some mention of their whereabouts, right?
 Not likely.
Paimon: Paimon thought so too. Had they successfully found the treasure, the Bunkoku Puzzle wouldn't have remained a mystery till today.
 Seven more.
 So, let's get back to the stone slate.
 Sounds interesting. Tell me all about it.
 Step DescriptionTaking up Yabe's request, you decide to go and see for yourself what this "Bunkoku Puzzle" business is all about...
 The other seven.
 There are eight of them in total.
 There is indeed a secret chamber.
 We could leave it to fate.
Paimon: You're giving up already? Paimon thinks we can go ask Yabe.
Paimon: Since the note says that there are eight stone slates in total, there should be some mention of their whereabouts, right?
Paimon: Well, let's go look for Yabe then.
 Well, hello, Yabe.
 Well, you could say that.
 Were you scared that you might hurt us?
 Why didn't you tell us earlier?
*Unless the last one to be collected, interacting with the slate on the right platform does not yield any dialogue.
Koyanagi: But since you know the name Bunkoku, you didn't follow me here with ill-intent, did you?
Koyanagi: Don't you dare take me for that despicable, craven traitor! My name is Koyanagi.
Koyanagi: He trusted me so much that he even invited me here to witness the unveiling of Bunkoku's Secret Treasure... I...
Koyanagi: Hehe, hahaha! This is the conjunction of the three realms, which happens only once every century. If the treasure is hidden now, it will surely become a mystery for the ages...
Koyanagi: Hmph. Then scram.
Koyanagi: How... How could this be?
Koyanagi: I attacked my friend... How could I have...
Koyanagi: I mean, this treasure is nothing compared to our friendship! I—I'd never have been tempted to attack him over some petty pile of treasure.
Koyanagi: I must've been possessed by one of the vengeful spirits summoned by Bunkoku. It must've controlled me...
Koyanagi: I would never do something like this...
Koyanagi: It took my friend tons of reading and careful analysis to locate Bunkoku's Secret Treasure. By no means will I allow you to snatch it away from me!
Koyanagi: No, I—I'm not...
Koyanagi: What are you doing sneaking around this time?
Koyanagi: What are you two murmuring about?
Paimon: (Anyway, let's keep investigating this place.)
Paimon: (Did they beat us to the treasure?)
Paimon: (To think that someone made it down here in the past...)
Paimon: (Traveler)'s just joking. We've uncovered the truth of Bunkoku's Secret Treasure.
Paimon: Ahem! That's what Paimon means. Anyway, you get the picture.
Paimon: And besides, where's Bunkoku's Secret Treasure?
Paimon: Experience tells Paimon that we just need to piece them back together according to that pattern.
Paimon: Five, six... seven! Now we've got all of them.
Paimon: Good idea. Since the note says that there are eight stone slates in total, there should be some mention of their whereabouts, right?
Paimon: Guess we're done again. But is it just Paimon, or do you feel like something's... strange down there now? Best we be careful.
Paimon: He does.
Paimon: Hey, did you hear that? Seems there's some sort of strange noise coming from up there.
Paimon: In that case, we keep a look out for similar stone slates.
Paimon: Let's go down.
Paimon: Let's go up there.
Paimon: Let's return and tell Yabe what happened.
Paimon: Looks like there's strange markings on the ceiling over that way, too!
Paimon: Mmm, let's see if it fits into the pattern upstairs later.
Paimon: No, no. Had they successfully found the treasure, the Bunkoku Puzzle should've been solved long ago. It wouldn't have remained a mystery till today.
Paimon: Now there's a stone slate! Lucky us, huh?
Paimon: N—Nothing!
Paimon: Oh, you're so annoying! Got it, got it!
Paimon: Ooh, Paimon can kinda tell that it seems identical to the pattern on the ceiling of the room below.
Paimon: Ooh, there's our stone slate. Let's grab it.
Paimon: Paimon believes there was a wall here before.
Paimon: Paimon doesn't think so. This giant hole just chugged open! It's definitely more than meets the eye.
Paimon: Paimon thought so too. Had they successfully found the treasure, the Bunkoku Puzzle wouldn't have remained a mystery till today.
Paimon: Paimon was wondering how the secret chamber would open after we pieced the slates together... Like, would there be a portal or a secret passage in the stone wall, or something?
Paimon: Seems like this is the key to unlocking the treasure chamber.
Paimon: Since the note says that there are eight stone slates in total, there should be some mention of their whereabouts, right?
Paimon: Since we've found all the stone slates, let's put 'em all inside.
Paimon: So the truth was concealed by the last fragment, huh?
Paimon: So this means that we only need to place the other eight stone slates we find in here, right?
Paimon: So, we just need eight more stone slates in here, right?
Paimon: Still, we're all outta leads now — We don't even know where to start looking.
Paimon: That's it. Next, let's look for some mechanism nearby. Activate it and then a new secret passage should show up, right?
Paimon: That's weird. Where is he?
Paimon: The stone slate fits right in. From the size of it, it can ... fill up a third of this space, maybe?
Paimon: There's a Shade of Tokoyo here, huh? Could he be... Bunkoku?
Paimon: This must be the secret passage we just activated. Let's take a look inside.
Paimon: This should be the place that Yabe was talking about. Let's search the area.
Paimon: Turns out that the pattern itself became the door!
Paimon: Wait, this is... a final fragment! But why is there a ninth?
Paimon: Well, let's go look for Yabe then.
Paimon: What happened?
Paimon: When Paimon thinks about it, Yabe did say that the chamber is concealed by the Sunfire Phantasms.
Paimon: Whoa!
Paimon: Woohoo, there we go! We're one step closer to opening that hidden chamber.
Paimon: You're giving up already? Paimon thinks we can go ask Yabe.
Paimon: You're mistaken. We just, uh... got down here by chance! Yup, it was just pure luck, yes-siree!
Yabe: *sigh* Come on, remember a guy's name, would you? Don't tell me you've also forgotten what I asked you to help me with...
Yabe: ...And the chamber is guarded by vengeful spirits and tainted beings that can control people's minds. That's... horrifying. I'm glad I didn't go with you.
Yabe: According to the note, all the other stone slates are divided into three groups and kept in three areas.
Yabe: Actually, I found the slate in the storage room inside the Dainichi Mikoshi, and next to it lay a note that records both the ancient script and its translation.
Yabe: Alright then, these places are where the stone slates are kept.
Yabe: Anyway, I'm content... but just a little frustrated, too, strangely. Thank you. Unfathomable though the puzzle appeared, everything adds up just fine when you consider the presence of elemental powers... and somehow, that kinda kills the excitement.
Yabe: Bunkoku probably had an ancient-sounding name, something like "Tyeseus" of sorts. But nobody would care to record the story of a despicable traitor in detail.
Yabe: Could I trouble you to take a look there? I don't care about the treasure, to be honest. I'll be content so long as I get to see the Bunkoku Puzzle through to the end.
Yabe: Could I trouble you to take a look there? Please refrain from pushing yourself too hard. "Mysterious" is synonymous with "dangerous," after all.
Yabe: Finally, he concealed the treasure chamber using the Sunfire Phantasms and summoned vengeful spirits and tainted beings from the Ley Lines to guard it.
Yabe: Great! So I have a lead on a certain treasure trove, but it'll make for a dangerous trip. Are you interested?
Yabe: Hello, hello, hehe!
Yabe: Hey, you're (Traveler), aren't you?
Yabe: I suppose you have the basic map that Tsumi drew? Let me mark them out for you there.
Yabe: I'm not sure if you remember my name, but I'm Yabe.
Yabe: Indeed, it is probably the key to unlocking Bunkoku's treasure chamber. According to my years of experience in kaidan and mystery investigation—
Yabe: It also says that there are eight stone slates in total. So far, we've only recovered one. According to the note, the secret chamber is in a nearby location.
Yabe: It reads... Um... It's on the tip of my tongue...
Yabe: It seems that documents written during the transitory period all came with a translation alongside them. According to this note, the stone slate is directly related to the Bunkoku Puzzle.
Yabe: I—I just hope I'm interpreting it right...
Yabe: My conscience wouldn't be clear I made you go into the dark depths just for a prank our ancestors once pulled.
Yabe: No, I was more scared that you might give me a good beating.
Yabe: One version says that Bunkoku was the second Prime Minister in Byakuyakoku's history. He and the Sunchild bled the people white through heavy taxation and made a huge fortune. After that, he hid his treasure in a secret chamber inside the Dainichi Mikoshi.
Yabe: So it is all true?
Yabe: So, I found this when I was patrolling the Dainichi Mikoshi.
Yabe: So, there really is a secret chamber concealed by the Sunfire Phantasms? But then something else happened along the way...
Yabe: Speaking of which, you're quite the hotshot, aren't you? Taking on the Raiden Shogun first and then braving the darkness of Enkanomiya.
Yabe: The Bunkoku Puzzle has finally been cracked, and I'll be sure to let the whole world know once I get back!
Yabe: Though I've always been a fan of mysterious stuff, I'd prefer not to put myself in any great danger.
Yabe: Though it appears to be a mere stone slate, I believe it's the key to finding Bunkoku's Secret Treasure.
Yabe: Well, the name is all I know, as not many detailed accounts of Byakuyakoku have survived through Watatsumi Island's history.
Yabe: Well, these areas are full of danger. If the secret chamber turns out to be pure fiction, then there's no point exploring any further at all.
Yabe: Yabe! My name is Yabe!
Yabe: You're back!
Yabe: You're back. Did you find anything?
You tell Yabe what happened...