 Alright.
 But if that's what you think...
 Clymene?
 Doesn't that mean...
 Double-sided?
 From Aberaku...
 I understand.
 I'll do my best.
 Memories have sides?
 Perhaps...?
 Quest DescriptionYou help Clymene pay respects at seven royal tombs to lay the souls of the Sunchildren to rest...
 That's more or less correct...
 They would enter it?
Clymene: Yes, and that process was known as the Rite of Solar Return.
Clymene: The Sunchildren were birthed from the Dainichi Mikoshi, and they would again return to the seat of the sun before the mortal world could taint them.
Clymene: ...The temperature of the Dainichi Mikoshi was such that its light could warm all of Byakuyakoku.
Clymene: Of the Sunchildren, naught but shreds of the souls that once were returned at last to the Locus.
Clymene: But I still believe that, perhaps...
 Perhaps...?
Clymene: If I was the one who opened the Locus, I might be able to use my memories to supplement what remains of their souls.
 Why do you still want us to pay our respects to them?
(Traveler): How did it go?
???: "Dislike" is perhaps too kind a word. "Detest" might be more fitting.
???: *sigh*
???: A sin, even committed in ignorance, can hurt others. Can a person who commits such transgressions truly be called innocent?
???: After a certain number of years, an infant will be chosen as the Sunchild, gaining control over the nation.
???: And so, the peoples' ire rose, and many of those sins were laid at the feet of the Sunchildren.
???: And yet there was no end to the greed of those powerful people. They grew fat off the toil of the people, compelling the Sunchildren to perform heinous deeds.
???: Are you some guest from afar who fell into this place?
???: As I said earlier, the Sunchildren were born into their role.
???: As far as the people of Byakuyakoku were concerned, their ignorance was the greatest sin of all.
???: But how could mere children rule a nation? The ones who truly controlled everything were powerful people behind the scenes.
???: From your mannerisms, you are not from Byakuyakoku either.
???: Hmm? How strange. I have not seen someone in your garb for a many long years...
???: I was born here, and I have never seen anyone from the outside world.
???: In fact, it is likely that these royal tombs have not been visited in a long time.
???: Indeed, that would normally be the case.
???: Indeed. Here, we worship the Dainichi Mikoshi.
???: Innocent? Oh no, they were not.
???: It would be difficult, no? The damage is already done, and it cannot be undone.
???: O rare Traveler from another land, please, kindly pay respects at their tombs.
???: Someone once told me that he wanted to catch a glimpse of the world outside. I took his words for a jest...
???: The Sunchildren were mere puppets, their every move manipulated by these people.
???: There are seven royal tombs scattered throughout Byakuyakoku, in which the remains of our "Sunchildren" have been interred.
???: To think that there were ways to access Byakuyakoku from the outside world... Shocking news indeed.
???: Traveler. In truth, I have a humble request for you.
???: Unfortunately, I fear that no one in this nation would want to do so.
???: We had... a total of seven Sunchildren.
???: Well, you can consider this... my personal sentimentality speaking.
Clyemene: There were seven Sunchildren in all. Traveler, please take my place and pay respects before their tombs.
Clymene: *sigh* Of the seven Sunchildren, Piramumon and Orupeusu were raised by mine own hand. If even they will not return...
Clymene: *sigh* This nation, Byakuyakoku, still hates those children.
Clymene: ...
Clymene: ...And I could not offer them a single word in reply.
Clymene: ...But still, Traveler, if you would consider this my final request — could you help to find the Divine Bridle?
Clymene: ...Even though these memories are double-sided.
Clymene: ...I apologize, Traveler. That was unsightly of me.
Clymene: ...The temperature of the Dainichi Mikoshi was such that its light could warm all of Byakuyakoku.
Clymene: A single Sango Pearl is all I ask, to be laid before their tombs.
Clymene: Ah, Piramumon. You did so love books, saying that there must be a world outside our knowledge, though I did not believe you then...
Clymene: Ah, Traveler, you have arrived.
Clymene: Ah, the seven Soul Lamps are lit...
Clymene: Ahhh... This is the Divine Bridle. The genuine article indeed!
Clymene: Allow me to try.
Clymene: And it is thanks to these transgressions that have been laid upon them that they have now been remembered by Byakuyakoku, and can now leave their afterimages behind.
Clymene: And yet I... To the end, I...
Clymene: And you, Orupeusu, Orupeusu. What would I give to hear you sing again?
Clymene: As well as the memories of them as the children who were blamed by Byakuyakoku, of those who became children of sin.
Clymene: But I still believe that, perhaps...
Clymene: But alas! It was lost to us long ago.
Clymene: But it was said that he planned to usurp the seat of the Sunchild, and was branded with the crime of treason.
Clymene: But since you say that you obtained it from his hands, perhaps there are hidden things at work that I do not understand.
Clymene: But when no one was around, when they were helpless and afraid, they would say so, so many things to me...
Clymene: But...
Clymene: Could you... let me have a look at it?
Clymene: Follow this path. I will meet you on its far side.
Clymene: From Aberaku no Mikoto himself?
Clymene: Go now, Piramumon. Let no one shackle you again. Go, be free!
Clymene: How strange. I remember clearly that he was a great figure from the days when our nation had just been founded.
Clymene: I always smiled and shook my head at your wild pronouncements. Alas, alas! I should have believed you!
Clymene: I can finally... be at ease.
Clymene: I know that the chances of finding it are quite slim, and indeed, it is rude of me to ask yet more of you.
Clymene: I never thought that the day would come when I might lay eyes on it once more. Traveler, tell me — whence did you get this?
Clymene: I was not permitted to say a single word when I was around those children.
Clymene: I... Thank you...
Clymene: If I had possessed but a little self-sacrificial courage to say something, anything to them...
Clymene: If I was the one who opened the Locus, I might be able to use my memories to supplement what remains of their souls.
Clymene: If only there was something I could use as a medium... If I had the Divine Bridle, perhaps, the badge of the Sunchild's office, it might just work.
Clymene: If you should hear of it, please, tell me.
Clymene: In the end, I could not hate them....
Clymene: It has passed through the hands of every Sunchild, and the memories it has inherited are enough to fill the gaps in their souls.
Clymene: It seems that my memories alone are insufficient...
Clymene: It seems that you have completed your task. I will always remember how you have aided me.
Clymene: My name is Clymene. I was a female official in charge of taking care of the Sunchildren's daily lives within the Dainichi Mikoshi.
Clymene: My own memories are insufficient, and so I had to supplement them with those of the people of our nation.
Clymene: Now come, allow me to open it for you... The path to the Soul Guide's Locus.
Clymene: Of course. In this case, the memories are two-fold. On one hand, you have your own memories, and on the other, you have others' memories of you.
Clymene: Of the Sunchildren, naught but shreds of the souls that once were returned at last to the Locus.
Clymene: Perhaps everything might have gone differently...
Clymene: Perhaps my desire to free their souls is but a forlorn hope.
Clymene: Piramumon... Orupeusu... I am here. Will you not return?
Clymene: Please, good Traveler, lend me your aid just this once.
Clymene: So please, I beg you. I cannot face them as I am, so this is the only way I can honor them.
Clymene: So, fate has decreed the bridle should resurface here... Ah, I can recall the faces of those children already...
Clymene: Still, the bridle has been lost for many long years. You need not rush.
Clymene: Thank you, Traveler. My greatest wish now lies fulfilled.
Clymene: Thank you, Traveler. Thank you for finding the bridle.
Clymene: Thank you. This task is in your hands, then.
Clymene: The Sunchildren were birthed from the Dainichi Mikoshi, and they would again return to the seat of the sun before the mortal world could taint them.
Clymene: The female official who serves the Sunchildren is meant to maintain her purity... She shall never marry.
Clymene: The night before the Rite of Solar Return, you suddenly wished to hear my voice. No matter what, you desired to hear me sing.
Clymene: There was no one who could hear your clear, pure voice, and did not wish to sing along in their hearts.
Clymene: These children, whom I served and watched grow older... At some point, they became closer to me than blood.
Clymene: They were still children that I watched grow up. I pitied them, and I grieved for them...
Clymene: This is the Soul Guide's Locus, and this is where my final thoughts remain.
Clymene: This way, I might finally atone for my failings...
Clymene: Though I knew that they did wrong, and though I was aware that they were being manipulated...
Clymene: Though my work involved being around them every day, I was under heavy surveillance.
Clymene: Thus the gaps are being filled by both the Sunchildren's own memories, imprinted upon the bridle...
Clymene: Thus, I had no children of my own all my life.
Clymene: Traveler from a foreign land, I know that I have caused you much trouble... But please, bear witness as they are laid to rest.
Clymene: Traveler, place the bridle within the pool at the Locus. With it, we can surely revivify their souls.
Clymene: Traveler... Have you... found the bridle?
Clymene: When the Sunchildren reached a certain age, they would follow a ceremony and enter the Dainichi Mikoshi on their birth date.
Clymene: Yes, I... can finally be with those children again...
Clymene: Yes, and that process was known as the Rite of Solar Return.
Clymene: Yes, that they may be made whole, and that they may walk the path to the next life hale!
Clymene: You knew, didn't you? You knew that this Solar Return would be your last.
Clymene: You said that one day you would escape the Dainichi Mikoshi and venture into paths beyond...
Clymene: You told me that no matter how terribly I sang, you would not laugh.
Paimon: But why's that?
Paimon: Do the people of this nation dislike the Sunchildren?
Paimon: Huh, Paimon didn't think we could get up here at all!
Paimon: Isn't it usually up to their family and friends to pay respects to them?
Paimon: Let's go back to the stone shrine and tell the spirit there about this.
Paimon: One, two, three... Looks like we've finished paying respects at all seven tombs!
Paimon: That's awful...
Paimon: The Sunchildren were innocent!
Paimon: The Sunchildren...
Paimon: Um, why would you need us outsiders to do that?
Royal Tomb: "Here lies Ion no Mikoto, versed in fortune-telling and sigil-signs, but who often predicted falsely, never errant only when reading the span of his own years."
Royal Tomb: "Here lies Isumenasu no Mikoto. On his free days, he would go boating, consulting his map of the country."
Royal Tomb: "Here lies Orupeusu no Mikoto, who was skilled in music as a youth, specializing in playing the lyre. His voice was so lovely that even the very earth would be moved."
Royal Tomb: "Here lies Piramumon no Mikoto. Oft did he insist that there must be a world beyond our skies, but they were just wild claims."
Royal Tomb: "Here lies Rikoru no Mikoto. He loved to build. He once built a small-scale Dainichi Mikoshi. It was six feet tall and immensely vivid."
Royal Tomb: "Here lies Risutaiosu no Mikoto, who loved to imitate the craftsmen who molded with clay, creating sculptures of the female officials of the court that were exquisite and lifelike."
Royal Tomb: "Here lies Surepio no Mikoto, who contracted a terrible illness as a young child, and upon recovering, gained some knowledge in the realm of medicine."
Royal Tomb: The second row is in the common script, and it goes as follows:
Royal Tomb: There are two rows of text on this headstone. The first row is in the script of Byakuyakoku and is unintelligible.